{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": [
                "Formerly Maverick", 
                "David North"
            ], 
            "citizenship": "German", 
            "content": "In recent years, Japanese crimelord Matsu\u2019o Tsurayaba and his allies, including former Weapon X scientist Doctor Cornelius, resurrected the Russian super-soldier Omega Red. In order to stabilize his mutant power, Omega Red required the Carbonadium Synthesizer, a device stolen from him by Team X decades earlier. Omega Red captured Maverick\u2019s former Team X teammate Wolverine, who had the location of the C-Synthesizer buried in his memory, and several of Wolverine\u2019s teammates in the X-Men. Maverick was hired by former Team X liaison Major Arthur Barrington to prevent Omega Red from obtaining the device, and he tracked another former Team X member, Sabretooth, to Omega Red\u2019s location. With Maverick\u2019s help, the X-Men were able to defeat the villains, and he subsequently killed Cornelius in an act of revenge.Barrington later sent Maverick to recover documents known as the Xavier Files, after the father of the X-Men\u2019s telepathic founder, Professor Charles Xavier. The files were in the possession of a former colleague of Xavier\u2019s father, Doctor Alexander Ryking, who was under the protection of the superhuman mercenary Warhawk. During the ensuing clash, Warhawk exploded, killing Ryking and seemingly destroying the files.Maverick was then assigned by the U.S. Government to protect Aldo Ferro, a former Weapon X ally. Maverick\u2019s former Team X alumni sought Ferro after one of their number, Mastodon, died when his age suppression factor was seemingly reversed. Unbeknownst to Team X, Ferro was responsible for secretly implanting them all with false memories during their time with Weapon X. After Ferro betrayed Maverick, he sided with his former teammates against Ferro who was seemingly killed in the subsequent battle.Maverick next sought to hunt down Sabretooth to make him pay for his numerous crimes, and joined forces with the X-Men in capturing him. Maverick subsequently learned that he had contracted the deadly mutant-killing Legacy Virus. He asked Wolverine to kill him in order to avoid prolonged suffering, but Wolverine refused and Maverick came to form a sibling-like bond with another Virus sufferer, Chris Bradley.During the final stages of his infection, Maverick encountered the Russian mutant telepath Elena Ivanova who was hunting Sabretooth to avenge his murder of her mother. The Virus claimed Maverick\u2019s life, but Ivanova managed to use her powers to coax him back to life. As a result, Maverick\u2019s Legacy Virus went into full remission and his powers further mutated.Maverick was then captured by Russian crimelord Ivan Pushkin, whose scientists implanted false memories into Maverick\u2019s mind to make him believe that Barrington had been responsible for his wife\u2019s betrayal. Pushkin intended for Maverick to kill Barrington to prevent him from providing testimony that threatened Pushkin\u2019s financial interests. Maverick located Barrington\u2019s safehouse but was opposed by members of the Canadian super-team Alpha Flight. Maverick overcame Pushkin\u2019s mental manipulation, however it was too late to save Barrington from Pushkin\u2019s agents, Hammer and Sickle.In a later encounter with Hammer and Sickle, Maverick\u2019s left eye was gouged out by Sickle, and he was left to die in the Swiss Alps. Forced to cauterize the wound to stop from bleeding to death, Maverick survived and later resurfaced to aid Wolverine against a revived Weapon X Program. This new Program sent Sabretooth to recruit both Maverick and fellow Team X alumnus John Wraith. Neither accepted the offer, and so Sabretooth killed Wraith and critically injured Maverick. Brought to the Program with only minutes to live, Maverick reluctantly joined in order to survive and was genetically modified to become Agent Zero.Although an efficient operative, Zero hated what he had become and frequently considered suicide. On his first assignment as Zero, he was sent to assassinate Wolverine in an attempt by the Director to further break his spirit. Deliberately missing his target, Zero was punished with an electric shock. Later, Zero recaptured Sabretooth after his betrayal of the Program and would have killed him had the Director not shocked him again.", 
            "durability": 7, 
            "education": "Unrevealed", 
            "energy": 4, 
            "eyes": "Blue\n", 
            "fighting": 7, 
            "firstappearance": "(As Maverick) X-Men #5 (1992), (as Agent Zero) Weapon X: The Draft - Agent Zero #1 (2002)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "Formerly Weapon X", 
                "Weapon Plus", 
                "Team X", 
                "Cell Six", 
                "former bodyguard of Psi-Borg", 
                "former agent of Major Barrington"
            ], 
            "hair": "(Originally) Brown; (currently) Black\n", 
            "height": 75, 
            "id": "Agent_Zero", 
            "identity": [
                "Secret", 
                "known to certain government officials"
            ], 
            "intelligence": 5, 
            "knownrelatives": "Unidentified parents (deceased), Andreas Nord (brother, deceased), Ginetta Lucia Barsalini (wife, deceased), unnamed child (deceased)", 
            "occupation": [
                "Mercenary", 
                "former government operative", 
                "freedom fighter"
            ], 
            "origin": [
                "X-Men #5 (1992)", 
                "Wolverine #60 (1992)", 
                "Maverick: In The Shadow of Death (1997)", 
                "Maverick #2 (1997)"
            ], 
            "placeofbirth": "Unrevealed location in former East Germany", 
            "powers": "Agent Zero is a mutant who can absorb the kinetic energy of an impact within certain limits without injury to himself. Zero must then release the energy he absorbs and can channel it as blasts of concussive-corrosive energy via an acidic enzyme secreted from his fingertips. This enzyme was specifically designed by the Weapon X Program to counteract an opponent\u2019s self-healing abilities by reversing the process so that the more an opponent attempts to heal an enzyme-inflicted wound, the worse it becomes. Zero is also able to channel absorbed energy into raw strength, allowing him to deliver blows ten times stronger than normal.\nLike other members of the Weapon X Program, Zero\u2019s D.N.A. contains an age suppression factor that greatly retards his aging process. Subsequent modification by the Program has removed all discernable scent from his body.", 
            "realname": "Christoph Nord", 
            "significantissues": [
                "Aided Wolverine vs Omega Red & Sabretooth, killed Cornelius (X-Men #5, 1992)", 
                "sent to recover Xavier Files, vs Warhawk (X-Men #10-11, 1992)", 
                "assigned as bodyguard to Psi-Borg, betrayed by him, aided Team X teammates against him (Wolverine #62-64, 1992)", 
                "with X-Men, vs Sabretooth (X-Men Unlimited #3, 1993)", 
                "revealed to have contracted Legacy Virus (Wolverine #87, 1994)", 
                "met Elena Ivanova, vs Omega Red (Maverick: In The Shadow of Death, 1997)", 
                "rescued Chris Bradley from Friends of Humanity (X-Men Unlimited #15, 1997)", 
                "succumbed to Legacy Virus, saved by Elena (Maverick #1, 1997)", 
                "began romance with Elena (Maverick #4, 1997)", 
                "vs Sabretooth to save Elena (Maverick #6-7, 1998)", 
                "vs Hammer, Sickle, & Omega Red, lost eye, left stranded on Swiss Alps (Maverick #12, 1998)", 
                "revealed to have survived (Wolverine #163, 2001)", 
                "invited by Sabretooth to rejoin Weapon X, declined, critically injured by Sabretooth (Wolverine #166, 2001)", 
                "saved by Weapon X, became Agent Zero (Weapon X:  The Draft - Agent Zero #1, 2002)", 
                "recaptured escaped Sabretooth for Weapon X (Weapon X #2-3, 2003)", 
                "killed faux-Maverick, learned he was Chris (Weapon X #20-21, 2004)", 
                "with Wolverine & Fantomex, vs Sublime (Weapon X #25, 2004)"
            ], 
            "speed": 3, 
            "strength": 4, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 230
        }
    }
}