{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": "None", 
            "citizenship": "None", 
            "content": "Still serving Mordillo, Brynocki and cybernetic martial artist Shockwave were hired by MI-6 to eliminate former agents Black Jack Tarr, Shang-Chi and Leiko Wu (mistakenly believing them to be agents of Fu Manchu). Chi and Wu tracked a kidnapped Tarr to Mordillo Island and fought Mordillo\u2019s robots. Deciding in mid-battle that Shockwave was crazy and not worth keeping as an ally, Brynocki turned against him. Shockwave teamed with Chi, Wu and the freed Tarr to destroy the robots and escape the island, leaving Brynocki to apologize to Mordillo's lifeless skeleton. Later manipulating Mordo\u2019s skeletal limbs like a puppet and pretending to serve his orders, Brynocki sent the powerful robot Ultra-Men to slay Wu, so her skeleton could be placed by Mordillo as his queen. Chi and his allies destroyed the Ultra-Men, while Brynocki fell from a plane after Chi side-stepped his charge. Decapitated in the fall, Brynocki simply directed his body to pick up his head and began planning anew.Soon after, the Spaceknights ROM and Starshine (Brandy Clark) unwittingly landed on Mordillo Island during their global travels. Brynocki felt they were trespassing on Mordillo's property, so he sent legions of robots after them. He brought along Mordillo's skeleton as his co-pilot in one of Mordillo's Dragon-Fly ships, attacking the two Spaceknights personally. Starshine shot them down, and Brynocki left the skeleton behind in the jungle so he could face the intruders without its added weight. Brynocki attempted to convince Rom and Starshine that he had been wronged in the past by Shang-Chi, but Rom saw through his ruse. The two Spaceknights left Mordillo Island, and the distraught Brynocki was unable to find Mordillo's skeleton, which had sunk in quicksand.", 
            "durability": 4, 
            "education": "Programmed by Mordillo", 
            "energy": 1, 
            "eyes": "Black (white irises)\n", 
            "fighting": 1, 
            "firstappearance": "Master of Kung-Fu #34 (1975)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": "None", 
            "hair": "Black\n", 
            "height": 30, 
            "id": "Brynocki", 
            "identity": "No dual identity", 
            "intelligence": 2, 
            "knownrelatives": "Mordillo (creator)", 
            "occupation": "Servant of Mordillo", 
            "placeofbirth": "Inapplicable", 
            "powers": "None", 
            "realname": "Brynocki", 
            "speed": 2, 
            "strength": 2, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 60
        }
    }
}