{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": "Decibel", 
            "citizenship": "U.K.", 
            "content": "Adopting the codename Chamber, Jono resided in the Academy\u2019s basement, remaining apart from his teammates. His control over his powers suffered a setback when he accidentally destroyed the girls\u2019 dormitory in a panic after being kissed by his then-inebriated teammate, Husk (Paige Guthrie). Jono soon began romancing Paige, and single-handedly defeated Omega Red before confronting his old flame Gayle, who sought revenge on Jono. Gayle had struck a deal with Emplate to empower her, allowing her to capture Jono while Emplate\u2019s other recruits, whom he named his Hellions, captured the rest of Generation X excepting M, who sought aid from the X-Men\u2019s Bishop. Emplate ultimately reneged on his deal with Gayle, holding her prisoner alongside Generation X. After Emplate was defeated, Jono and Gayle reconciled their differences.Jono was briefly abducted by the psionic entity Onslaught, causing him trouble in focusing his powers. En route to the Xavier Institute for help, Jono and his teammate Skin were waylaid by the vigilante X-Cutioner, whom Skin defeated. After the X-Men defeated Onslaught, Jono\u2019s focus returned, and he accompanied Paige to her family\u2019s farm for a Thanksgiving holiday which ended with the pair\u2019s romance breaking down. After being captured and imprisoned by Banshee\u2019s cousin Black Tom Cassidy, the team encountered Glorian, a shaper of dreams, who granted the team their innermost desires. For Jono, it was to be whole once more; however, after Skin cast doubt on Glorian\u2019s interpretations, the effects faded. Soon after, Jono and Paige reconciled while facing the Prime Sentinels of the government-sponsored anti-mutant Operation: Zero Tolerance.Generation X subsequently joined an other-dimensional group of superhuman teens in opposing Emplate and Professor Pretorious. Jono, alongside Husk and Skin, then joined Spider-Man against Major Love and his Direct Euthanasia Action Division, during which Jono used his psionic powers to enhance Spider-Man\u2019s precognitive \u201cspider-sense\u201d to prevent Love from massacring a crowd of innocents. Jonothan also faced the Circus of Crime, who were actually seeking to reform; Nanny and the Orphan-Maker; an alliance between Emplate and Chimera which was foiled with the aid of mutant possessor Dirt Nap; and Emma\u2019s former business rival, Bianca LaNiege. Later, when the X-Man Psylocke was tricked by the Shadow King into releasing a telepathic pulse, Jono lost his telepathic speech, rendering him effectively mute. The effects of the pulse eventually wore off, and Jono\u2019s speech returned just before he and his teammates faced Dracula. During the encounter, Dracula briefly restored Jono\u2019s face and body before biting him; however, Jono\u2019s powers seemingly allowed him to reject the vampire lord\u2019s influence.After the Academy began accepting human students, Jono was unhappily forced to pass as a mute burn victim. More threats followed, with Jono and his teammates battling the cyber-morph Paradox; joining former X-Men member Maggott in opposing exotic hunter Constantine Slaughter; allying with X-Man (Nate Grey) against the Dark Beast and his Gene Nation; rescuing their teacher Banshee from Hunter Brawn and his super-powered bodyguard Legault; opposing the Rising Sons in Madripoor alongside the mercenary Paladin; another battle with Emplate; resisting an attempt by Emma\u2019s psychotic sister Adrienne to kill them; fighting alongside the New Warriors against the mutated Biohazard; facing the triple threat of Black Tom Cassidy, the Juggernaut and the mutant Mondo; and opposing Warden Coffin\u2019s House of Correction.Following the death of Banshee\u2019s love Moira MacTaggert and his turning to alcohol for solace, as well as Emma\u2019s increasingly disturbing behavior, the students left the Academy, effectively forcing the school\u2019s closure. Jono had received an invitation from Charles Xavier to graduate to the ranks of the X-Men, which he declined, choosing instead to return to London. There, he saved teen pop sensation Sugar Kane from a mob of adoring fans and briefly romanced her before she admitted she was only using his mutant status to boost her career. Jono reconsidered Xavier\u2019s offer and joined the X-Men, and was reunited with several of his former Generation X teammates who had joined their former teacher Banshee\u2019s new paramilitary X-Corps unit. His fling with Sugar Kane having made headlines, Jono\u2019s reunion with Paige was awkward at best.At Cyclops\u2019s request, Chamber enrolled in Empire State University\u2019s pro-mutant program to investigate the deaths of mutant students on campus after a bombing of the co-species Students for Tolerance organization. Chamber discovered that the boyfriend of the group\u2019s leader, Gigi Martin, had caused the blast to martyr her dead friends, thus furthering her organization\u2019s cause. Though ESU dismantled the pro-mutant program, they retained one mutant student at the request of the Xavier Institute, who in turn took in a human student, Jono\u2019s wheelchair-bound ESU roommate Walter. Jono sought to be taken off field duty with the X-Men to concentrate on a career in teaching; however, on returning to the Institute, he was shocked to discover that Paige had joined the team and was dating their teammate Archangel.Soon after, Jono volunteered to infiltrate the subversive Weapon X program, using his former relationship with Husk as a means to create public dissent between himself and the X-Men and attract the attention of Weapon X director Brent Jackson. Jono was recruited into the program and, as an incentive to stay, had his face and body reconstructed with technology that was linked to his mutant energy. For his first mission, Jono was tasked with assassinating John Sublime, founder of the mutant-harvesting U-Men. Despite having reservations about killing, Jono completed his mission, seemingly solidifying Jackson\u2019s trust in him. Soon after, Jono went missing while seeking to close down Weapon X\u2019s secret mutant concentration camp \u201cNeverland.\u201dChamber seemingly resurfaced in Los Angeles, his face and chest once again shattered, and joined the former teen-hero support group Loners. However, it was soon revealed that a member of the criminal group the Pride was using Chamber\u2019s identity to infiltrate the Loners and prevent them from capturing the Pride\u2019s runaway children. Recently, following the warping of reality by the mutant Scarlet Witch, Jono was one of many mutants who were depowered after reality was restored. As a result, the Weapon X technology that had restored his face and body ceased working, leaving him in critical condition on life support. He was the subject of a focus piece by Sally Floyd, reporter for The Alternative, the first in a series of former mutants, and the column quickly became a national sensation.Recently, however, Chamber was kidnapped from his hospital room by agents of Apocalypse, who were now working for the ages-old mutant's right-hand man, Ozymandias. It was revealed that the Starsmores were in fact descendants of Apocalypse. Chamber was transformed into a scrawny, teenaged version of Apocalypse, and was asked to join their secret society. Chamber respectfully declined. Soon afterward, he was approached by Pete Wisdom, in hopes of recruiting him to the most recent incarnation of Excalibur. This time, Starsmore angrily rebuked Wisdom.", 
            "durability": 6, 
            "education": "Massachusetts Academy", 
            "energy": 4, 
            "eyes": "Brown\n", 
            "fighting": 4, 
            "firstappearance": "Generation X Ashcan Edition (1994); Generation X #1 (1994)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "Formerly New Warriors", 
                "Weapon X", 
                "X-Men", 
                "Generation X"
            ], 
            "hair": "Reddish-brown\n", 
            "height": 0, 
            "id": "Chamber", 
            "identity": "Secret", 
            "intelligence": 3, 
            "knownrelatives": "None", 
            "occupation": [
                "Adventurer", 
                "former terrorist", 
                "teacher", 
                "student"
            ], 
            "origin": [
                "Generation X #12 (1996)", 
                "Weapon X #16 (2004)"
            ], 
            "placeofbirth": [
                "London", 
                "United Kingdom"
            ], 
            "powers": "Chamber\u2019s body acted as a storehouse for vast amounts of psychic energy. He could project the psionic energy as a standard energy bolt, which had led to his disfigurement when first manifested. In addition, he could communicate telepathically (including projecting destructive mind blasts) and perform limited telekinesis. It was once suggested that Starsmore's physical form disintegrates a little more with each use of his power. The full range, extent, and nature of Starsmore's psychic abilities remain unrevealed.", 
            "realname": "Jonothon \u201cJono\u201d Evan Starsmore", 
            "significantissues": [
                "Comes to terms with his origin and its effects on Gayle Edgerton (Generation X #12-14", 
                "1996)", 
                "invited to join X-Men after Generation X disbands (Generation X #75", 
                "2001)", 
                "returns to London joins X-Men after dating Sugar Kane (Uncanny X-Men #395, 398", 
                "2001)", 
                "leaves X-Men to enroll in ESU, returns to X-Men Institute as teacher (Chamber #1-4, 2002)", 
                "defects to join Weapon X, actually planted as a mole (Weapon X #15-18", 
                "2003)", 
                "discovers secrets of Weapon X program, disappears (Weapon X #20-22", 
                "2004)", 
                "having lost powers, left as a shell of a man on life support (Generation M #1", 
                "2005)"
            ], 
            "speed": 2, 
            "strength": 2, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 140
        }
    }
}