{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": [
                "Demon of the Darkhold", 
                "Great Shadow", 
                "Other"
            ], 
            "citizenship": "None", 
            "content": "Trapped in this new realm, Chthon sired the N'Garai demons - including the masters (Kierrok, Syxa, the Triad (Y'Bsgloth, Y'Garon, Y'Griarth), etc.) and the unnamed warrior caste. Though the N'Garai have been able to return to the Earth dimension, Chthon himself was unable to. Acting through an elemental host called the Other, he granted power to the Darkhold's users, including the Atlanteans who would become the firstvampires and later of the current incarnation of zombies (with the alliance of the voodoo god Sagbata (Baron Samedi)). All mortals who used the Darkhold forfeited their souls and were corrupted by Chthon, though Chthon was not a collector of souls like Mephisto, he instead used the mortals as pawns towards his own desire to return to Earth. The Darkhold was used by many including Babylonian savants, Egyptian priests, and Hebrew scholars. Chthon has also empowered or created numerous beings over the eons, including the Darkhold Dwarf, Diabolique's mother, Dragonus, Hellhound, Midwife, Monstrosity, Troids, Whisperer, and the Wish-Demon.In the 6th century, Morgan Le Fay bound the Darkhold parchments into a book and summoned Chthon to Earth, but soon realized he was too powerful to control. Even aided by Merlin, she could not drive him from Earth completely; they imprisoned a portion of Chthon within what would become Wundagore Mountain. Soon thereafter, Chthon's elemental host, the Other was summoned by Modred the Mystic, who resisted corruption until he had to sacrifice himself to save the woman he loved. Modred fell into a deep sleep and his master Gervaisse put him into an enchanted tomb knowing he would one day awake.The Other was fought off by Merlin and St. Brendan, who scattered the Darkhold's pages across the planet. The Darkhold was re-bound by the Mad Monk Aelfric in 1149 A.D. and passed through many hands, including sorcerers Cagliostro and Taboo and vampire Lord Ruthven. Many partial or complete copies of the Darkhold exist, including the Shiatra Book of the Damned and the diary of Grigori Russoff.The Vatican came to aquire at least one of these copies and sought to keep it away from the world, shut it away in their libraries under the protection of the Montesi family, priests of a supposedly uncorruptable bloodline who were allowed to have children to continue watching the Darkhold.In the 1930s, the High Evolutionary built his Citadel of Science atop Wundagore, which allowed Chthon to witness many scientific achievments of interest to him. Over 20 years later, Gregor Russoff summoned Chthon in hopes of curing his lycanthopy, but this led to the demon attempting once more to return to Earth. The Knights of Wundagore and the wizard Magnus drove him back; in parting, Chthon struck down Russoff and bonded to a newborn, the future Scarlet Witch.More recently, Vittorio Montesi, a priest, found he was sterile and used the Darkhold to father a child, Victoria who was more a child of Chthon himself than of the priest.", 
            "durability": 7, 
            "education": "Self-educated", 
            "energy": 7, 
            "eyes": "unrevealed\n", 
            "fighting": 7, 
            "firstappearance": "Marvel Chillers #1 (1975)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "Elder Gods", 
                "worshipped by Darkholders"
            ], 
            "hair": "unrevealed\n", 
            "id": "Chthon", 
            "identity": "Existence unknown to general public", 
            "intelligence": 7, 
            "knownrelatives": "Demiurge (\"father\"), Belathauzer, Gaea, Set, other Elder Gods (siblings) and their offspring; N'Garai, many others (spawn)", 
            "occupation": "Demon", 
            "placeofbirth": "Earth", 
            "powers": "Chthon possesses incalculable magical power, controlling the entire dimension in which he is trapped. He grants magical power to others, usually through Darkhold spells. He operates on Earth via his elemental host, the Other, and can sometimes possess mortals, but they cannot contain his whole essence. Chthon's true form is elemental energy, and physical descriptions do not apply.", 
            "realname": "Chthon", 
            "speed": 7, 
            "strength": 7, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe"
        }
    }
}