{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": "D'Spayre", 
            "citizenship": "Unrevealed", 
            "content": "Later, drawn by the suicide of terminally-ill Jock Forrester, D'Spayre menaced Jock's daughter Lee Forrester and the X-Man Cyclops. Defeated again with the Man-Thing's aid, D'Spayre subsequently lured Rachel Summers, then Phoenix, to the aid of a lost young girl, hoping to feed on Rachel's cosmic level of despair, but the girl's rescue foiled him. Needing to replenish his power levels, D'Spayre joined with the enigmatic Avandalia and sought out Cloak & Dagger, whom D'Spayre had empowered years earlier. Absorbing Dagger's Lightform, he then attempted to digest Cloak's Darkform, but it overpowered D'Spayre and seemingly consumed him.Participating in the Fear Lords' plan to cause a Great Fear on Earth that would reduce humanity to a state of unreasoning, unceasing terror, D'Spayre manipulated Nightmare and the Dweller into a contest of their powers, and humanity was driven too far into fear, giving in to despair. The senior demons realized their error too late and both fled from the newly powerful D'Spayre, who was defeated by Dr. Strange, the Straw Man, and Daredevil.D'Spayre's subsequent targets included the living vampire Morbius, the sorceress Margali Szardos, the Asgardian Valkyrie, and secondary attempts on Lee Forrester, the Scarlet Spider and Spider-Man. D'Spayre himself was targeted by his sister, Spite, who sought to depose him with Juggernaut's aid, but D'Spayre drained Juggernaut's power. Almost destroyed, the Juggernaut survived by allowing himself to be consumed by pure rage. Spite was then able to leech D'Spayre's power and cast him into Hell.", 
            "durability": 1, 
            "education": "Inapplicable", 
            "energy": 1, 
            "eyes": "Solid black with red pupils\n", 
            "fighting": 1, 
            "firstappearance": "Marvel Team-Up #68 (1978)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "Fear Lords", 
                "Lords of the Splinter-Realms"
            ], 
            "hair": "None\n", 
            "height": 75, 
            "id": "D%27spayre", 
            "identity": "Existence unknown to general public", 
            "intelligence": 1, 
            "knownrelatives": "Dweller-In-Darkness (creator), Spite (sister), D'Sprytes (apparent spawn), Nightmare (\"second cousin\") and his relatives, Avandalia (unknown relationship)", 
            "occupation": "Fear instigator", 
            "placeofbirth": "Unrevealed", 
            "powers": "D'Spayre draws psychic sustenance from the despair suffered by other beings. He can instill great fear by touch, though he prefers to act indirectly and cause his victims to generate their own fear by filling their mind with illusions of terror and despondency. Virtually immortal, D'Spayre is normally invulnerable to physical injury; however, he can be physically harmed if sufficiently weakened by a lack of psychic sustenance. D'Spayre can also levitate himself, fire concussive blasts of energy, vary his form (his true form is unknown), and travel between dimensions. D'Spayre also created the D'Sprytes, small imp-like versions of himself with similar but lesser abilities.", 
            "realname": "Inapplicable", 
            "speed": 1, 
            "strength": 1, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe"
        }
    }
}