{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": "King Darklore", 
            "citizenship": "Egolix-7", 
            "content": "As time past he became aware of a neighboring dimension known as Egolix-7 and its oppressive ruler Count Abyss. It was his hearts desire to liberate Egolix-7 and remain there living a life of leisure. Darklore and Abyss fought many battles over an unknown period of time. In the process of searching for a mystic talisman, that would aid him in his quest to liberate Egolix-7.  Darklore ran into Adam Warlock, who was in a catatonic state after being defeated by the Goddess (Warlock\u2019s expelled good side) and transported to this unknown dimension. In his attempt to revive the fallen warrior Darklore sensed that the jewel upon his head was a sentient being. The jewel revealed itself to be the Soul Gem. The Soul Gem attempted to manipulate Darklore into allowing it to bond with him. Darklore refused the gem, but was unable to stop it from placing itself upon his forehead. Warlock awoke and stopped the madness of the gem.Once things settled down Darklore mentioned that he had been to Warlock's dimension years ago, but he would not be able to abort his quest to assist him in returning to his dimension. Darklore led Warlock to a rip in the dimensional fiber that he believed to be connected to the lost warrior. He assured Warlock that this was the solution to his dimensional travel. They parted ways, with both of them feeling that their paths would soon cross again. Darklore and Meer'lyn went on to find the Talisman and hid it in a dimension outside of Count Abyss' influence.", 
            "durability": 1, 
            "education": "Unrevealed", 
            "energy": 1, 
            "eyes": "(Right only) Blue\n", 
            "fighting": 1, 
            "firstappearance": "Warlock Chronicles #1(1993)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": "Partnered with Meer\u2019lyn", 
            "hair": "White, originally black\n", 
            "height": 0, 
            "id": "Darklore", 
            "identity": "Secrete", 
            "intelligence": 1, 
            "knownrelatives": "Maya (wife), unidentified parents (deceased)", 
            "occupation": [
                "Sorcerer", 
                "King", 
                "former Prince"
            ], 
            "origin": "Unrevealed", 
            "placeofbirth": "Unrevealed", 
            "powers": "Though his powers have diminished with age, Darklore can fire magical blast, form shields and open portals into other dimensions. He can also access the energies of the mystic talisman, but to do so he needs the assistance of his familiar Meer'lyn. She helps him to keep control of his magical energies or they become unstable and may incapacitate him.", 
            "realname": "Unrevealed", 
            "significantissues": [
                "He encountered Warlock & Soul Gem (Warlock Chronicles #1, 1993)", 
                "He fought alongside the Infinity Watch, vs Count Abyss. He later married Maya (Warlock and the Infinity Watch #29 & 31-34, 1994)."
            ], 
            "speed": 1, 
            "strength": 1, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 185
        }
    }
}