{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": [
                "The Schemer", 
                "Supreme Hydra", 
                "the Rose", 
                "Blood Rose"
            ], 
            "citizenship": "U.S.A.", 
            "content": "Some time had passed, and the Kingpin had a new problem to face. A new crime boss going by the name of the Schemer suddenly rose up to challenge him.  The resulting gang war between the two families brought enough attention to bring Spider-Man into the fray, but the final battle came down to the Schemer and Kingpin meeting one another. The most shocking revelation of all came when the Schemer unmasked himself to reveal that he was, in fact, the all too alive Richard Fisk.  Using the money his father had given him, he secretly made his way back to New York, built a car of his own design as well as some special weaponry and he even formed his own crime family. His father couldn\u2019t take the shock and fell into a coma. It was only at this time Richard realized that he did not mean to hurt his father in this way.Richard then joined the international terrorist group Hydra in a way to get back in his father's good graces and eventually rose to the rank of Supreme Hydra. With Hydra's medical resources at his disposal, Richard was able to return his father to full health. The Kingpin then secretly assumed control of Hydra, but it was soon exposed that the true leader of the terrorist organization was the Nazi villain the Red Skull. The Fisks teamed up with Captain America and the Falcon to stop the Skull, and Richard was critically wounded in the final battle. The Kingpin had his son placed in suspended animation only to cure him by siphoning some life force from Spider-Man. After this instance, father and son seemed to be reconciled.With the Kingpin finally recovered, Richard eventually joined his father\u2019s organization with a new attitude and a new name, The Rose. Unfortunately, Richard began to have second thoughts and decided to destroy his father\u2019s empire from within.  He had several allies such as long time friend Alfredo Morelli and Ned Leeds, a reporter for the Daily Bugle and one-time super villain. Again, another gang war developed and Richard committed terrible acts that showed him his morality really wasn\u2019t above his father\u2019s any longer. He resigned the Rose identity and stood by his father\u2019s side as a loyal son should.Unfortunately for Richard, his conscious just kept getting the better of him as he decided that the Kingpin must pay for his atrocities.  Again he, Alfredo, and a cop named Blume, brought about events that would set them against the most powerful mob boss in New York.  Their plan went awry, however, when the crime fighter Daredevil and the terrorist group Hydra brought down the Kingpin first. Alfredo, who had plastic surgery to look like Richard, decided that he would betray his allies and take over as the new Kingpin, and Richard decided to terminate his alliance with Blume although it was really Alfredo who shot and killed Blume. Richard then took a third identity, calling himself the Blood Rose and started a bloodbath with the New York underworld. He even went so far as to try and take out Alfredo, but his attempt only wounded him even though his body wasn't found after he plunged into the water. Alfredo eventually returned as the villain Gauntlet, but his career was ended early when he ran into a vigilante known as Nightwatch. Richard was not heard from again for some time after that fiasco.", 
            "durability": 2, 
            "education": "College graduate", 
            "energy": 1, 
            "eyes": "Blue\n", 
            "fighting": 3, 
            "firstappearance": "Amazing Spider-Man #83 (1970, as Schemer), Amazing Spider-Man #253 (1984, as the Rose), Web of Spider-Man #89 (1992, as Blood Rose)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "Formerly Las Vegas Hydra faction", 
                "the Kingpin\u2019s criminal organization"
            ], 
            "hair": "Blond; (Schemer mask) Black with gray streaks\n", 
            "height": 70, 
            "id": "Fisk,_Richard", 
            "identity": "Secret", 
            "intelligence": 3, 
            "knownrelatives": "Wilson Fisk (the Kingpin, Father), Vanessa Fisk (Mother), Anatoly Fyskov (ancestor)", 
            "occupation": [
                "Former crime lord", 
                "terrorist", 
                "vigilante", 
                "playboy"
            ], 
            "placeofbirth": "Unrevealed", 
            "powers": "None", 
            "realname": "Richard Fisk", 
            "significantissues": "Amazing Spider-Man #83-85 (as Schemer), Captain America #146-148, Amazing Spider-Man #163-164, Amazing Spider-Man #253 (as Rose), Spectacular Spider-Man #95, Amazing Spider-Man #256-261, Secret Wars II #3, Amazing Spider-Man #275-276, Amazing Spider-Man #278, Daredevil #234, Amazing Spider-Man 280-281, Web of Spider-Man #24, Amazing Spider-Man #284-289, Web of Spider-Man #29-30, Spectacular Spider-Man #173, Web of Spider-Man #84-88, Web of Spider-Man #89 (as Blood Rose), Web of Spider-Man #97-100", 
            "speed": 2, 
            "strength": 2, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 185
        }
    }
}