{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": [
                "formerly Grand Director", 
                "Steve", 
                "Commie Smasher"
            ], 
            "citizenship": "USA", 
            "content": "In late 1953, the new communist Red Skull (Albert Malik), seeking the supposed secrets of Adolf Hitler\u2019s strongbox, took hostages at the United Nations building, where he believed the strongbox hidden. Learning of the incident, \"Rogers\" injected himself and Monroe with the Super-Soldier serum. Gaining superhuman strength, they took the Captain America and Bucky identities as their own, thwarting the Skull in a high-profile battle. The patriotic duo defeated many other menaces, many of whom were Communists agents or sympathizers. However, unlike the original Cap, Rogers and Monroe had not received vita-rays to stabilize the Super-Soldier serum\u2019s effects, so the duo eventually succumbed to insanity. Their already zealous anti-communist vigilance devolving into paranoid racism, they attacked several innocent people over a series of months; during one such attack, Rogers was pulled decades forward in time by the Contemplator to join the original Cap and others in battling the android Adam-II on Earth-8206, although Rogers\u2019 carelessness resulted in him being controlled by Adam-II before being returned. Finally, in late 1955, government officials, unable to persuade Rogers and Monroe to undergo treatment, captured them and placed them in suspended animation at a government facility in the South. Under the top-secret \u201cDeep Freeze\u201d program, cryogenic suspension\u2019s effects upon the duo were studied, but scientists were unable to treat their madness, and the duo were eventually all but forgotten by the US government.Later, a government employee displeased with US policies released Burnside and Monroe, both still insane. Learning of the original Cap\u2019s activities, they presumed him to be a would-be successor working with communists. They captured Cap and his associates, Falcon (Sam Wilson) and S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Sharon Carter. Belatedly realizing his opponent was the true Cap, Burnside suffered a nervous breakdown, allowing Jack and himself to be defeated. The government sent Burnside and Monroe to a Catskills mental institution, secretly managed by Cap\u2019s enemy Doctor Faustus for the Corporation. After several Corporation setbacks, Faustus, having developed a mind-control gas, sought to control New York via the fascistic National Force. Faustus tested the gas on Burnside and Monroe, then sadistically ordered Burnside to shoot Monroe. Burnside did so, unaware his gun was filled with blanks. Believing he had killed his longtime friend, although Monroe survived and was eventually taken into SHIELD custody, ultimately becoming the costumed hero Nomad. Faustus established Rogers as \u201cGrand Director\u201d of the fascistic National Force, who spread Faustus\u2019 mind-gas during pre-arranged confrontations intended as prelude to infecting all of New York City. Aided by Daredevil (Matt Murdock), Captain America defeated the Grand Director, Faustus, and the National Force. During which, Burnside overheard Faustus boast to a captive about Monroe\u2019s supposed death, Burnside, losing his last shred of sanity, apparently committed suicide via the incineration device in his uniform, his thoughts on a betrayal he had never actually perpetrated.After the original Captain America's apparent death, Sharon Carter learned that the Red Skull (Johann Shmidt) and Faustus placed Burnside's body in suspended animation so that he would heal from his fire wounds. Released, Burnside learned of the Red Skull's involvement left Dr. Faustus' association after helping to rescue Sharon Carter from Arnim Zola. Burnside began wandering the world as a man out of time, discovering the brave new world.", 
            "durability": 1, 
            "education": "Ph.D in American History", 
            "energy": 1, 
            "eyes": "Blue\n", 
            "fighting": 1, 
            "firstappearance": "(Captain America) Young Men #24 (1953); (Grand Director) Captain America #231 (1979)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": "Former member of Army Special Ops Unit", 
            "hair": "Blonde\n", 
            "height": 74, 
            "id": "Grand_Director", 
            "identity": "Secret", 
            "intelligence": 1, 
            "knownrelatives": "Unrevealed", 
            "occupation": [
                "Terrorist", 
                "former Special Ops Soldier"
            ], 
            "powers": "Burnside possessed superhuman strength, enabling him to lift 1 ton. His agility, speed, endurance and reaction time were superior to those of any Olympic athlete, and his physiological functions operated at the peak of human efficiency.", 
            "realname": "William Burnside (legally changed it to \"Steven Rogers\")", 
            "speed": 1, 
            "strength": 1, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 220
        }
    }
}