{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": "None", 
            "citizenship": "None", 
            "content": "The Grandmaster has spent his extraordinary long life in pursuit of amusement through the playing of games. He has traveled throughout the known universe studying many civilizations\u2019 forms of games and play to the point of mastering them. He then began to devise his own types of tournaments and contests, challenging various opponents to games of skill and chance for high stakes.Capable of traversing space, time and the dimensions, the Grandmaster once journeyed to the alternate Earth inhabited by the Squadron Supreme to stage a contest with the time-traveling Scarlet Centurion. The Grandmaster\u2019s standard method of playing games was to choose a team of champions to do combat with another team selected by his opponent. The Grandmaster used the Squadron Supreme as pawns for his games, while the Scarlet Centurion assembled various of the Squadron\u2019s enemies as the Institute of Evil. Winning the contest, the Grandmaster determined to create is own Squadron since the original Squadron was unwilling to participate in further games.Returning to his own universe he traveled to Earth and transformed three men (Doctor Spectrum, Nighthawk, and the Whizzer) into counterparts of the Squadron members. He also created a counterpart to the Squadron\u2019s Hyperion out of non-living extra dimensional matter and invested it with consciousness and artificial memories. These four counterparts became the criminal team known as the Squadron Sinister.The Grandmaster then journeyed to the time period of Kang the Conqueror (a temporal counterpart to the Scarlet Centurion) to engage in a contest against him. After Kang\u2019s champions, the Avengers, defeated the Squadron Sinister, the Grandmaster drafted the World War II heroes, the Invaders. If Kang won, the Grandmaster would briefly grant him the power of either life or death. If Kang lost, the Grandmaster would destroy the Earth. Fortunately, Kang\u2019s champions triumphed.Later, having returned to the 20th Century, the Grandmaster used Daredevil and the Defenders as his pawns against Doctor Doom\u2018s artificial creation the Prime Mover. Winning this match he decided to take control of the Earth as a breeding ground for superhuman-powered pawns for his games, but gave up the Earth after losing a bet with Daredevil.Although the Grandmaster can resurrect most living beings after their deaths, he cannot do so with virtually immortal beings like himself who are killed. Therefore the Grandmaster was unable to resurrect his \u201cbrother\u201d the Collector, after he had been murdered. The Grandmaster challenged Death itself to a game. If Grandmaster won, then the Collector would live, but if he lost, then he too would also die. The Grandmaster and Death each selected teams from among Earth\u2019s superhumans to do battle in a contest of champions. The Grandmaster\u2019s team won, but Death revealed in order to bring the Collector to life, the Grandmaster would have to forfeit his own life. Compelled by his sense of gamesmanship to see the game through to its end, the Grandmaster died and the Collector returned to life.However, Death then challenged the Collector to a game, apparently with the resurrection of the Grandmaster as the stakes. The outcome of the game is unknown, but the Collector is known to have survived and the Grandmaster has been seen since. The Grandmaster then used the Avengers and an incarnation of the Legion of the Unliving in another contest against Death, in which he won immortality for himself and all of the Elders.Later the Elders of the Universe plotted to kill Galactus by using the Infinity Gems against him. This plan failed and the Elders were then confronted by a power seeking Thanos. The Grandmaster lost one of the gems in the process, and Thanos gained ultimate power shortly thereafter.", 
            "durability": 7, 
            "education": "Unrevealed", 
            "energy": 6, 
            "eyes": "Red, with no visible pupils\n", 
            "fighting": 2, 
            "firstappearance": "Avengers #69 (1969)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "Elders of the Universe", 
                "founder of the Squadron Sinister"
            ], 
            "hair": "White\n", 
            "height": 0, 
            "id": "Grandmaster", 
            "identity": "His existence is unknown to most of the residents of Earth", 
            "intelligence": 6, 
            "knownrelatives": "None", 
            "occupation": "Game player", 
            "placeofbirth": "Unrevealed planet in now dead galaxy", 
            "powers": "The Grandmaster posses a cosmic life force which grants him a variety of superhuman traits, including a virtually immortal body, immunity to aging and disease, and imperviousness to conventional injury through regeneration of any injury. Also, the Grandmaster can utilize his cosmic life force for a variety of effects, including levitation, the projection of energy blasts, and travel through time and space and into alternate dimensions. He is also capable of transforming and rearranging matter on a planetary scale, he can cause death to others just by wishing it, and he can resurrect beings who are dead for less then 29.5 hours. Currently due to his machinations against Death, he cannot die. He is also capable of mentally computing diverse low information probabilities to the tenth decimal place with ease, and to retain vast amounts of data. He also possesses certain abilities of mental perception beyond those currently known, which enable him to receive information about his environment through extrasensory means. He also maintains a psychic link with the highly advanced computers of his base world, which extend and enhance his mental abilities.", 
            "realname": "En Dwi Gast", 
            "significantissues": [
                "Contest against Scarlet Centurion, formed Squadron Sinister (Avengers #69-71, 1969)", 
                "challenged Death to contest and sacrificed life to bring Collector back from dead (Marvel Super-Hero Contest of Champions #1-3, 1982)", 
                "won immortality for the Elders (Avengers Annual #16, 1987)", 
                "resurrected Hyperion and reformed the Squadron Sinister (New Thunderbolts #15-16, 2006)"
            ], 
            "speed": 7, 
            "strength": 4, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 240
        }
    }
}