{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": "None", 
            "citizenship": "USA", 
            "content": "Sometime later, Highwayman made his false origin become a reality, and the legend continued.There once was a trucker, normal as can be, and he hauled his loads all over the country. As he got older, he found himself losing more and more jobs to younger drivers who needed less sleep, so they could drive longer. There wasn't a miracle pill the trucker could take, and no amount of praying seemed to do the trick, so he resorted to other means to get an edge. He looked elsewhere for help and wound up making a deal with the devil. From then on, the trucker didn't need to rest, and his Black Rig could outrun any police vehicle on the road. He didn't know fear and would haul the most dangerous cargo through the most treacherous terrain. However, the more he drove, the more of his humanity was lost until only the Highwayman was left. Some think he's only a ghost story, but those unfortunate enough to cross his path not only lose their heads \u2013 they lose their souls.A few truckers found out the Highwayman was all too real when an out of control truck, operated by a headless driver, collided with the truck stop they were in and exploded - killing everyone inside. A short while later, a bus full of people met their end when the Highwayman took their heads and fed them to the demons in the Black Rig's trailer. Unluckily for the Highwayman, a passing Daniel Ketch came across the slaughtered innocents and the Ghost Rider was unleashed seeking vengeance for the dead. The Highwayman had the advantage while inside his hellish vehicle, but Ghost Rider soon found a way to subject the Highwayman to the same type of torture he visited upon others. The Black Rig crashed and overturned having no one to steer it, and Ghost Rider ignited the Highwayman's head and set his truck on fire with it as well. Satisfied vengeance was served, Ghost Rider went on his way.", 
            "durability": 1, 
            "education": "High school graduate", 
            "energy": 1, 
            "eyes": "(Left) solid red, both formerly light green\n", 
            "fighting": 1, 
            "firstappearance": "U.S.1 #1 (1983)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": "Formerly partnered with the Blackrig demons", 
            "hair": "Black\n", 
            "height": 71, 
            "id": "Highwayman_(Jefferson_Archer)", 
            "identity": "Known to authorities", 
            "intelligence": 1, 
            "knownrelatives": "Sidney and Kathleen Archer (parents, deceased), Ulysses Solomon Archer (brother), Mary McGrill Archer (sister-in-law), unidentified nephew", 
            "occupation": [
                "Soul collector", 
                "trucker", 
                "trucking company owner"
            ], 
            "origin": "Ghost Rider #34 (2009)", 
            "placeofbirth": [
                "Detroit", 
                "Michigan"
            ], 
            "powers": "Highwayman doesn't need rest. He can grow appendages from his decapitated head, regenerate from potentially any wound and may even be immortal. Any other abilities have yet to be revealed.", 
            "realname": "Jefferson Hercules Archer", 
            "significantissues": "Fought Danny Ketch after killing innocent men at a truck stop (Ghost Rider #34, 2009)", 
            "speed": 1, 
            "strength": 1, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 178
        }
    }
}