{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": [
                "Hollow", 
                "formerly Penny", 
                "Penance"
            ], 
            "citizenship": "Unrevealed", 
            "content": "In shock, and confused by the presence of \"herself\" (actually the twins in her original form), Monet initially fled the Academy but soon came to trust the Generation X students. Puzzled at having seen \"Monet\" at the Academy, Emplate returned to Penance's cell, found her missing, and sought her out. Rebelling against Emplate's hold over her, Penance helped Generation X drive him off. Though her Penance form's muteness and Monet's natural aloofness kept her isolated, she aided the students repeatedly, notably when she shredded Black Tom Cassidy's plant form to save the school. Eventually, M reverted back into the two young St. Croix twins. When Emplate again attacked the school, the twins united once more to become M, and then they merged with Emplate to form the composite being M-Plate. Penance and Generation X hunted M-Plate and liberated the twins, thus reverting him to Emplate. Claudette and Nicole's sharing of Emplate's mind revealed Penance's true identity to them; they became M again, but then merged with Penance and instantly split into two forms: Monet assumed her original form, while Claudette and Nicole were trapped jointly within the Penance form, unable to become separate individuals again.Monet promised to do all she could to restore her sisters, and Penance took a basement room in the academy, aiding Generation X vs. Bianca LaNeige, Paradox, Brawn and others. Penance occasionally suffered from rhapsodic fugue states that the autistic Claudette was subject to. Emplate again attacked the school (claiming to be only Emplate and no longer Marius), but both Penance and Emplate were caught in an explosion which left four unconscious bodies: Emplate, Claudette, Nicole, and Penance. They all recovered, and Penance escaped into the forest. Believing she had maimed someone, Generation X hunted her, but she helped exposed the true attacker and returned to the Academy, where she carved \"home\" into the bark of a tree. The school closed soon after, and where Penance went is unrevealed. Who currently inhabits Penance's form remains a mystery, but the current Penance can read and write English and has artistic talents, crafting a lifelike ice sculpture of a staff-bearing man, presumably of personal significance.", 
            "durability": 1, 
            "education": "Former student at Massachusetts Academy", 
            "energy": 1, 
            "eyes": "Blue\n", 
            "fighting": 1, 
            "firstappearance": "Generation X #1 (1994)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": "Formerly Generation X", 
            "hair": "Red\n", 
            "height": 67, 
            "id": "Hollow", 
            "identity": "Secret", 
            "intelligence": 1, 
            "knownrelatives": "Unrevealed", 
            "occupation": "Adventurer", 
            "placeofbirth": "Unrevealed", 
            "powers": "Penance's skin, hair , and clawed hands, and feet are harder than diamond, and are sharp enough to shred the skin of anyone touching her. Her ultra-dense hide is superhumanly durable, but her strength appears to be normal. Her skin absorbs light, making her appear to be in constant shadow. Beings merged with Penance form appear to be unable to access superhuman abilities they might otherwise possess.", 
            "realname": "Unrevealed", 
            "significantissues": [
                "Penance rejected Emplate (Generation X #12-14, 1996)", 
                "Monet's transformation into Penance revealed and reversed, twins became Penance (Generation X #40, 1998)", 
                "twins split out from Penance, Penance still sentient (Generation X #57, 1999)", 
                "Penance rejoined Generation X (Generation X #58, 1999)"
            ], 
            "speed": 1, 
            "strength": 1, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 177
        }
    }
}