{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": [
                "Daredevil", 
                "Daniel Thomas Rand", 
                "the Living Weapon", 
                "Young Dragon"
            ], 
            "citizenship": "Dual citizenship in K'un-Lun and the U.S.A.", 
            "content": "When Daniel Rand was nine, at roughly the time K'un-Lun was scheduled to materialize, his father decided to bring him and Heather to K'un-Lun. Accompanied by Rand's business partner Harold Meachum, they traveled to the Himalayas, but Wendell fell from a mountain ledge; clutching the edge, he called to Meachum for help, but Meachum, hoping to control Rand's business shares, caused Wendell to plunge to his death. Shortly afterward, Heather sacrificed her life to protect Daniel from a wolf pack, and her spirit ascended to Feng-Tu. The denizens of K'un-Lun found Daniel and took him in, while a frostbite-crippled Meachum learned of Daniel's survival and spent the next decade preparing elaborate defenses against future attack.Meachum was instead slain by the ghostly Ninja, a servant of Master Khan. Blamed for the murder, Iron Fist eventually cleared himself with the help of two private detectives he befriended, samurai-trained Colleen Wing and cyborg ex-cop Misty Knight. Nonetheless, Iron Fist often had hostile relations with his new business partners, Meachum's brother, Ward, and daughter, Joy. Iron Fist's adventures continued against the likes of the Cult of Kara-Kai, worshippers of the goddess Kali; Warhawk, a war veteran turned assassin empowered by a process similar to that of Luke Cage; and the alien robot known as the Monstroid. In the process, he learned that the Ninja was using Colleen Wing's father, Lee, as a host; Iron Fist ended this magical possession.Soon afterward, Iron Fist fought the Steel Serpent, a master martial artist specializing in the delayed death touch. The Serpent had twice in the past been defeated by Yu-Ti in attempts to take over K'un Lun, and he fell victim to his own power during his assault on Iron Fist. Rand then encountered a woman named Jade and defended her from agents of Dhasha Khan, a demonic warrior sorcerer who had conquered Feng-Tu; however, more of Khan's agents abducted Iron Fist and Jade, whom Iron Fist learned was the embodiment of humanity's nobility, her soul bonded with the cosmic Firebird. Iron Fist was defeated by Khan's enslaved warrior, the Silver Dragon, while Khan used his mystic Soulgem to rob Jade of the Firebird, which he used to transform Earth. Iron Fist defeated the Silver Dragon and discovered she was the spirit of his mother, Heather Rand. Iron Fist then defeated Khan in battle, using the Soulgem to restore Earth and return his mother to a peaceful afterlife. Although he had fallen in love with Jade and wished she could remain mortal, he knew that humanity needed the Firebird, and he used the Soulgem to restore Jade.Over the next few months, Iron Fist became a noted crimefighter and clashed with enemies such as Master Khan, Scimitar, Chaka, the Wrecking Crew, Drom, the Backwards Man and Sabretooth. He sometimes worked with other heroic martial artists such as the Sons of the Tiger, the White Tiger, and Shang-Chi, the latter helping him save K'un-Lun from the sorcerer Quan-St'ar. Iron Fist then faced Davos, Lei Kung's banished son, who sought to steal the Iron Fist power. Also calling himself Steel Serpent, Davos briefly succeeded in usurping the power before losing it back to and being defeated by Iron Fist; his soul was imprisoned within the alien Contemplator's Anomaly Gem.Khan later enlisted Ward Meachum, Cage's enemies Shades and Comanche, and Fera in a plot against Iron Fist; Fera was actually one of the wolves who had slain Heather Rand, granted human form via the magical power of Shirrair and enslaved by Master Khan. Khan used the Power Gem of Quon to steal Iron Fist's power and life force, nearly killing him; but with the aid of Cage, Misty, Colleen, the vigilante el Aguila, and policeman Rafe Scarfe, Iron Fist regained his power and banished Khan again. Many months later, Iron Fist and Cage befriended Bobby Wright, a troubled boy who could transform into the superhuman Captain Hero; unknown to them, \"Wright\" was the Super-Skrull, a powerful alien whom Master Khan had mesmerized into befriending Iron Fist. Meanwhile, Khan himself usurped the form of police officer Tyrone King and began romancing Misty Knight to undermine his enemy.Shortly afterward, Iron Fist was exposed to deadly radiation and, accompanied by Cage and Wing, he returned to K'un-Lun. Instructed in the use of his healing power by Lei Kung, Iron Fist learned that Chiantang's attack had been in response to Shou-Lao's death and became overwhelmed with guilt, but recovered with the help of his friends, who banished Chiantang. Preparing to return to Earth, Iron Fist was secretly ambushed by the H'ylthri, who sent a duplicate, believing itself to be Iron Fist, in his place. As for Chiantang, he too appeared on Earth, where Khan, as Tyrone King, slew him; however, even Khan was unaware of the H'ylthri's substitution. Shortly afterward, the Iron Fist duplicate attempted to heal \"Bobby Wright\", who was supposedly dying; the attempt seemed successful, but \"Wright\" suffered a relapse and, as Captain Hero, beat the duplicate to death in a rage. Khan, believing his enemy dead, then dismissed the Super-Skrull and eventually abandoned his King identity, leaving Cage to take the blame for the death of \"Iron Fist\".For months the true Iron Fist remained the H'ylthri's captive, but when the Super-Skrull impersonated Iron Fist himself, Knight and Wing learned that the \"Iron Fist\" they had buried had reverted to plant-like remains. Following the Super-Skrull's defeat by Namor the Sub-Mariner, Knight and Wing brought Namor to K'un-Lun, where they rescued Iron Fist. Soon afterward, Iron Fist helped Cage defeat Bushmaster again, but while Cage was pleased to see his friend alive, he was uninterested in re-forming Heroes for Hire. When Master Khan vengefully rendered Namor amnesiac, Iron Fist helped Knight and others find Namor, restore his memory and confront Khan, whom Namor apparently slew.After Namor the Sub-Mariner's Oracle, INC bought out Rand-Meachum, Iron Fist gained funding and formed an expanded version of Heroes for Hire to renew people's confidence in heroes. This team reunited him with Cage, though the group proved to be temporary; the members were less than pleased when Namor sold Oracle (and by extension Heroes for Hire) to Stark-Fujikawa. After their new employers fired Cage and Ant-Man (Scott Lang) for their prison records, the remaining members disbanded. Weeks later, Iron Fist was manipulated into stealing the powerful Zodiac Key by Death Sting, actually Miranda Rand-K'ai, who, along with Conal, had been pressed into H'ylthri service. Iron Fist fought the pair and their H'ylthri masters, and both Death Sting and Conal were believed slain, although Death Sting survived.Meanwhile, the heroes supposedly slain by Onslaught had returned, and Iron Fist, belatedly realizing that humanity would reject rule by K'un-Lun, sought to stop the process he had begun; but young Hand assassin Junzo Muto stole his power in order to bring K'un-Lun to Japan. Heather Rand's spirit told Iron Fist that Muto could not succeed without him, leaving K'un-Lun to move on to an unknown fate. Unwilling to risk K'un-Lun's destruction, Iron Fist teamed with Wolverine, Yu-Ti and others to defeat Muto, but not before K'un-Lun began to merge with the city of Tokyo. Yu-Ti then stabbed Iron Fist, reasoning that his death would un-merge the cities. K'un-Lun indeed returned to its proper place, but Iron Fist was met in Feng-Tu by his proud parents, who restored him to life.Back in New York, former Heroes for Hire foe Nightshade resurrected Chiantang to use him against her current enemy, the Black Panther. Chiantang turned on her, re-empowered Iron Fist, and mentally enslaved him to fight the Panther, but Iron Fist regained his senses and helped defeat Chiantang. Returning to crime fighting, he found it unsatisfying and left New York to seek a new path. Yet all paths, it seemed, led back to K'un-Lun, for he soon faced Chi, a sorcerer exiled from K'un-Lun a millennium before, who hoped to use Iron Fist's unique bond to K'un-Lun for conquest. Iron Fist defeated Chi, accepting his heroic role anew.Danny's recently come back into the spotlight, taking up the mantle of Daredevil while Matt Murdock was incarcerated.The tournament consisted not only of K'un-Lun but also the six other cities of Heaven. Together these seven cities formed the Heart of Heaven; the arena where the tournament was held. Each city had an immortal weapon to represent it, each with their own unique abilities. Rand was chosen to first fight the enormous Fat Cobra, but the blinding speed and fighting prowess of this opponent was too much for him. Iron Fist lost the match. However, losing benefited Rand for he was able to travel back to Earth and visit with a man named Ernst Erskine to find out more about his predecessor, Orson Randall. During his stay, Danny saved Ernst and his associates, formerly known as the Confederates of the Curious, from being killed by agents of Hydra. Upon his return to K'un-Lun, Danny found an ally in the Prince of Orphans, another immortal weapon also familiar with Randall. Together the two of them helped unite the other tournament combatants against Hydra and their newest benefactor, a man known only as Xao. Xao wanted to destroy K'un-Lun, but in the process he would have destroyed the other cities as well. This new team of Immortal Weapons easily defeated Hydra and foiled Xao's plans. Meanwhile, Lei Kung and his Army of Thunder cast out the corrupt Yu-Ti, and Kung took his place. The Immortal Weapons decided to remain on Earth to assist Iron Fist in finding a rumored Eighth Capital City of Heaven, and after a near death experience for Danny at the hands of Zhou Cheng, servant of the monstrous Ch'i-Lin, they had.He and the other Immortal Weapons journeyed to the Eighth City to free political prisoners exiled there by past rulers of K'un-Lun, but they were imprisoned by the city's ruler, ancient Iron Fist (Quan Yaozu). After escaping with the other Weapons, Rand returned to Earth, learning his company had largely collapsed; he used his remaining funds to open the Rand Foundation, a philanthropic organization. He also learned his fianc\u00e9e, Misty Knight, was apparently pregnant; both were unaware his chi energy had caused a false pregnancy. When Steve Rogers placed Cage in charge of a new team of Avengers based out of the rebuilt Avengers Mansion, Rand joined. Before long, the team was embroiled in a war with the mystical entity Agamotto, who wished to reclaim Dr. Stephen Strange's Eye of Agamotto amulet; during this, Iron Fist was drawn into Agamotto's dimension, where Agamotto marked Rand as his champion with a new white costume.After his friend Daredevil (Matt Murdock) fell under the ninja cult the Hand's influence, building the massive Shadowland fortress in Hell's Kitchen and apparently executing his nemesis Bullseye, Iron Fist and several of his vigilante allies confronted Murdock, but Daredevil, possessed by the Hand's demonic master the Beast, ignited a full-on war on the streets of New York. Iron Fist assisted in ending the situation by helping to cleanse Murdock of the Beast's influence with a burst of chi energy. During the crisis, Rand and Cage met Power Man (Victor Alvarez), a teenager with chi-absorbing abilities. Rand eventually befriended the boy and took him under his wing, teaching him to master his powers. Soon afterward, Danny and Misty discovered the truth behind her \"pregnancy,\" ending their relationship; Danny subsequently began dating Joy Meachum.", 
            "durability": 6, 
            "education": "High school equivalent of K'un-Lun", 
            "energy": 4, 
            "eyes": "Blue\n", 
            "fighting": 7, 
            "firstappearance": "Marvel Premiere #15 (1974)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "Formerly Avengers", 
                "Heroes for Hire", 
                "Secret Defenders", 
                "\"Defenders for a Day\""
            ], 
            "hair": "Blond\n", 
            "height": 60, 
            "id": "Iron_Fist_(Danny_Rand)", 
            "identity": "Publicly known", 
            "intelligence": 5, 
            "knownrelatives": "Wendell Rand-K'ai (father, deceased), Heather Duncan Rand (Silver Dragon, mother, deceased), Miranda Rand-K'ai (Death Sting, half-sister), Yu-Ti (August Personage in Jade, adopted uncle), Lord Tuan (adopted paternal grandfather, deceased), Lady Ming (adopted paternal grandmother, deceased), Thomas Duncan (maternal grandfather)", 
            "occupation": [
                "Adventurer", 
                "formerly co-owner of Rand-Meachum", 
                "Inc.", 
                "bodyguard", 
                "private investigator", 
                "research assistant", 
                "warrior"
            ], 
            "placeofbirth": "Unrevealed", 
            "powers": "Through concentration, Iron Fist can harness his spiritual energy, or chi, to augment his physical and mental capabilities to peak human levels. By focusing his chi into his hand, he can tap the superhuman energy of Shou-Lao and temporarily render his fist superhumanly powerful, immune to pain and injury; however, this process is mentally draining, and he usually needs recovery time before he can repeat it. Iron Fist can heal himself of any injury or illness and project this power to heal others. He can sense mystic energy, particularly that which is related to K'un-Lun. He is capable of fusing his consciousness with that of another person, enabling each to perceive the other's emotions and memories. He has unusually keen eyesight, but it is unclear if it extends to superhuman level. His entire body is oriented to combat, enabling him to adapt to any environment with minimal exposure. At times, he has absorbed energy directed at himself and channeled it to augment his own power. Under certain circumstances, he can even focus his chi to create nexus points between dimensions.", 
            "realname": "Daniel Thomas Rand-K'ai", 
            "speed": 5, 
            "strength": 5, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 175
        }
    }
}