{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": [
                "Krys Porter", 
                "Krystalin Ogada"
            ], 
            "citizenship": "Citizen of the United States", 
            "content": "The remaining X-Men returned to their temporary headquarters at the abandoned Hoover Dam, but soon Meanstreak left to find his friend, Jordan Boone.  Krystalin and Timothy Fitzgerald followed him, but La Lunatica of the Theatre of Pain captured them on the way to New York.  Though when Luna used her powers to expose and feed off of painful, repressed memories, Timothy\u2019s electrical powers went berserk and fried the restraining collars on the X-Men, as well as Luna.  Luna quickly turned on her masters, leaving the X-Men free to leave the Theatre.  Krystalin and her fellow X-Men returned to the investigation of Meanstreak\u2019s friend.  They traveled first to his apartment, and based on a hidden journal of Boone\u2019s, they continued on to the office of the man-beast, Ravage.  Ravage was unable to give them any information about their friend, but he pointed them to Alchemax\u2019s floating city, Valhalla, which Boone had been researching.  Then, together with Ravage, the X-Men traveled to the floating city and fought with the genetically engineered Heimdall.  Meanstreak was able to destroy Heimdall only when his friend Boone, engineered to be the Asgardian god, Loki, gave him a device to shut off Heimdall\u2019s powers.  Krystalin and the rest then helped the citizens of Valhalla escape while the 2099\u2019s Spider-Man, Punisher, Doom, and Ravage shut the failing city down.While the rest of the X-Men searched for the woman known as Mama Hurricane, Xi\u2019an charged Krystalin with finding and meeting up with his old, fellow Lawless member, Victor Ten Eagles, in Santa Fe.  Krystalin found him there and showed him the card with the X on it that Xi\u2019an had given her.  Ten Eagles then brought her to see a silhouetted figure that resembled the 20th Century X-Men\u2019s Archangel.  But after they investigated an attacked commune, where the workers were frozen to death, and a base in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains, they discovered that the silhouette was one of Zhao\u2019s genetically-accelerated X-Men, he called the Chosen, who were engineered to mimic Charles Xavier\u2019s original group.  The one that resembled Archangel was a mutant called Wingspan.  They fought with Zhao\u2019s X-Men, and nearly bested them, until Zhao appeared and used his psychic abilities to knock both unconscious.  Krystalin later sent a message to Xi\u2019an to join them in the mountains, and when the X-Men arrived they found Krystalin and Ten Eagles hypnotized and encouraging the rest to join Zhao\u2019s group.  But they disagreed, and after a battle with Zhao\u2019s X-Men, they were all captured.  Though because Xi\u2019an\u2019s mind was too strong to hypnotize in the same way, Zhao entered his mind in order to dominate him, but Xi\u2019an\u2019s repressed, criminal personality took over Xi\u2019an\u2019s mind and defeated Zhao, leaving him comatose.Xi\u2019an and Timothy, then called Skullfire, later left the group.  But only Skullfire returned, with Luna, and explained that Xi\u2019an left to join the Theatre of Pain.  Shortly afterwards, Krystalin\u2019s brother Zakarii called her and informed her that their father, Andre Daniel Ogada, head of the Soldiers of the Panther, had died.  Krystalin headed to Oakland at her brother\u2019s request, for their father\u2019s funeral.  After the funeral, a downpour, laced with hallucinogens by the Free Radical group, disoriented Krystalin.  She recovered quickly and went to dinner with her brother.  During dinner, they repeated the same arguments their parents had, where Krystalin was concerned about spirituality and inner searching, and Zak pushed the necessity of the Soldiers of the Panther over any other considerations.  Then Daze, one of the Free Radicals, attacked and kidnapped Zak.  Krystalin woke up alone, until Zak\u2019s second in command, Miko Nishihara, arrived and together they listened to the demands of the group via a recording.  The Free Radicals offered Zak\u2019s life in exchange for the freedom of a captured member of their group, Billy Zedd, aka Billy the Kid.  Miko wanted Krystalin to stay out of the fight, and so she turned to an old friend, Havana, who brought her to Nurf, a psychedelic-obsessed follower of the musical group, the Disinterred.  Nurf brought Krystalin to the ruins of Berkley University, where the two fell into a trapdoor and were soon captured by the Free Radicals.  When Miko refused to negotiate with them, Krystalin agreed to free their friend from jail.  Krystalin broke into the prison using the identity of a dead Panther, and freed Billy.  Miko appeared and attacked her, but before she could beat Krystalin in hand-to-hand combat, Billy threw a neural shock toy on her, reducing her to a fetal position.  Once Krystalin returned with Billy, she found that the Free Radicals still wouldn\u2019t let either her or her brother go.  Krystalin had no choice but to break free from her bonds and destroy a satellite set to release an EMPulse over half the state.  In the resulting confusion, Zak set off a beacon to the Panthers, and the Free Radicals quickly escaped.  Then, before Zak and Krystalin could argue about whose fault it was, Doom\u2019s message declaring himself President came through.  Krystalin then caught up with Meanstreak, who was dealing with his friend Boone\u2019s transformation into Halloween Jack, and his takeover of Las Vegas.  Krystalin encouraged Meanstreak to leave Jack, who taunted them about their obvious mutual attraction, and Doom appeared to contain Jack\u2019s unreality field in time to keep Jack from hurting Krystalin.  Together they left Vegas to return to the X-Men.When the Theatre of Pain captured the rest of the X-Men, Krystalin and Meanstreak contacted Bloodhawk to help them rescue their teammates.  Krystalin nearly fell into a fissure caused by the L.A. earthquake until Bloodhawk swooped down and saved her.  They soon traveled to the Theatre and saved the mutants Quiver and Sham from the Theatre\u2019s security, outside the Floodgate, the Theatre\u2019s gathering point for its victims.  They arrived in time to fight Zhao\u2019s X-Men, unthawed and controlled by the Theatre, and watched as Xi\u2019an turned on the Theatre\u2019s leader, Brimstone Love.  But before Xi\u2019an could turn on the X-Men, Luna used her powers to shock him out of his criminal persona.  Then Doom appeared again, announcing that he had created Halo City to act as a refuge for the Theatre\u2019s victims.", 
            "durability": 1, 
            "education": "Unrevealed", 
            "energy": 1, 
            "eyes": "Brown\n", 
            "fighting": 1, 
            "firstappearance": "X-Men (2099) #1\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "X-Men", 
                "Halo City Protectorate"
            ], 
            "hair": "Black\n", 
            "id": "Krystalin_(2099)", 
            "identity": "Publicly Known", 
            "intelligence": 1, 
            "knownrelatives": "Zakari Ogada (brother), Andre Daniel Ogada (father, deceased)", 
            "occupation": "None", 
            "placeofbirth": "Unrevealed", 
            "powers": "Krystalin has the ability to create crystals from atmospheric mineral content, and use them to fashion into staff weapons, shards to throw, shields, or encase a person within.", 
            "realname": "Ruth Kirsten Porter-Ogada", 
            "significantissues": "X-Men (2099) #1 (intro), X-Men (2099) #15 (death of her father)", 
            "speed": 1, 
            "strength": 1, 
            "universe": "Marvel 2099 (Earth-928)"
        }
    }
}