{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": [
                "Erik Magnus Lehnsherr", 
                "Erik the Red", 
                "Grey King", 
                "White King", 
                "Michael Xavier", 
                "\"the Creator", 
                "\" White Pilgrim", 
                "Prisoner #214782", 
                "others"
            ], 
            "citizenship": "Unrevealed", 
            "content": "Rescued by Namor the Sub-Mariner, Magneto was taken to Atlantis, where he quickly subjugated the Atlantean army and launched an attack on the surface world. He was opposed by the Fantastic Four, who used a feedback machine to trap him in a cone of his own power. Later freed, Magneto continued his genetic experiments and, using technology abandoned by the Inhumans Phaeder and Maelstrom, he created Alpha, whom he dubbed the \u201cUltimate Mutant\u201d. Alpha turned on his creator, however, reducing Magneto and the Brotherhood to infancy. The baby Magneto was transferred to Muir Island, where geneticist Moira MacTaggert attempted to control Magneto's insane rages by manipulating his DNA so that his body would be better able to tolerate his powers. Magneto was later restored to adulthood by the Shi\u2019ar alien Eric the Red, and initially his psychotic and destructive behavior seemed to return when he attacked the new team of X-Men off of Muir Island, and then kidnapped them, holding them prisoner under a volcano in Antarctica. After battling the X-Men in Antarctica, Magneto retreated to Asteroid M, where his mind began to heal, and MacTaggert's genetic changes began to restore his sanity. Magneto next tried to hold the world hostage to force world peace and disarmament, destroying a Russian city after warning the population to evacuate. He also sank a Russian submarine with all hands onboard after the vessel attacked him. The X-Men once more stopped Magneto, but during the battle Magneto almost killed the young mutant Kitty Pryde, an act that shocked him, and forced him to reevaluate his life. Following the inadvertent destruction of Asteroid M by the extraterrestrial Warlock, Magneto crashed to Earth and was rescued from the ocean by fishing boat captain Aletys \"Lee\" Forrester who took him to an island within the Bermuda Triangle to recuperate. There, Lee experienced Magneto\u2019s \u201chuman\u201d side and the pair had a brief romance. A remorseful Magneto then turned himself over to the World Court to be tried for his crimes, and would have certainly been found guilty if not for the intervention of Fenris, the twin children of Baron Strucker, who sought revenge against Magneto and Xavier for their intervention in their father\u2019s plans years earlier. The courthouse was destroyed, and Magneto and Xavier were left alone as Xavier\u2019s body deteriorated beyond repair. After Xavier\u2019s love Lilandra arrived with the space pirates the Starjammers to heal him with Shi\u2019ar technology, Xavier made Magneto promise to protect their dream and take over as Headmaster of his School. Magneto reluctantly agreed, and came to supervise the fledgling New Mutants team while also joining the X-Men on missions.Seeking an alliance with the Hellfire Club against ever-increasing threats to them both, Magneto and the X-Men\u2019s leader Storm briefly shared the position of White King within the Club\u2019s Inner Circle before philosophical differences between Magneto and the Club\u2019s Black King Sebastian Shaw resulted in Shaw deposed as leader and Magneto assuming the unique position of \u201cGrey King\u201d. Magneto later returned to the Savage Land to oppose the priestess Zaladane, who had usurped control of the Mutates. While preparing for the inevitable confrontation, Magneto saved the X-Man Rogue from a twisted version of Ms. Marvel, and then teamed up with her, the Savage Land\u2019s protector Ka-Zar, and the international law enforcement agency S.H.I.E.L.D. to defeat Zaladane. Despite protestations from Rogue, Magneto slew Zaladane before retreating to his rebuilt Asteroid M. There, he was approached by a group called the Acolytes, who begged him to intervene in the civil war between mutants and humans on the island nation of Genosha. Magneto agreed, and when the X-Men intervened, the Acolytes captured them and they were brought to Asteroid M to be \u201creprogrammed\u201d. The process was a failure, however, and during the ensuing battle, Magneto was severely injured. The Acolyte Fabian Cortez, who claimed to be healing Magneto, was actually using his power-amplification ability to mask Magneto\u2019s pain, weakening him in the process. Cortez further betrayed his lord when he triggered the nuclear missiles Magneto had set up around the asteroid. It took all of Magneto's power to keep the base from blowing up, but the damage was too severe. While the X-Men escaped, Magneto and the remaining Acolytes crashed to Earth. Months later, the wreckage was discovered, but Magneto was missing. He later returned, stronger than ever, to a larger, more fanatical following of Acolytes, and co-opted the remains of Graymalkin, the space station belonging to the mutant future soldier Cable, into a new orbital base he called Avalon. When Magneto threatened the Earth once more, Xavier and the X-Men journeyed to Avalon where, after physically pulling all of the Adamantium out of Wolverine's body, his mind was wiped by Xavier and he remained on Avalon in a vegetative state. When a battle between the extra-dimensional Holocaust and the Acolytes\u2019 new leader Exodus destroyed Avalon, then-Acolyte and former X-Man Colossus placed Magneto in an escape pod which crashed to Earth.Magneto set about consolidating both his mutant and political power, but faced opposition from the renegade Mutate Zealot, his son Quicksilver, and Rogue. After Magneto defeated Zealot\u2019s forces, Rogue left, and he had his Acolyte Voght manipulate Quicksilver into staying as a member of the cabinet, in the hope that he would at last learn to be a loyal son. Soon after, Magneto was revealed to be a member of the Twelve, a group of mutants supposedly destined to usher in a golden age for mutantkind. He and the others were captured by the eternal mutant Apocalypse, who sought to usurp the power of the Twelve for himself; however, Magneto\u2019s weakness short-circuited the machine. In the ensuing clash, Magneto discovered that he could commandeer the magnetic powers of the mutant heroine Polaris and use them as his own. When Apocalypse was defeated, Magneto returned to Genosha with Polaris, and began teaching her to expand her control, while using her as a front for his own power. Over the next six months, Magneto managed to rebuild much of the war-torn country, but a rebellion in Carrion Cove proved a thorn in his side. The rebels had discovered technology in the city that they felt could not be allowed to fall into Magneto\u2019s hands, namely a genetic manipulation chamber from the process once used to create the Genoshan Mutates which would allow Magneto to restore himself to full power. Though the U.N., rogue Acolytes, Cortez, the Avengers, and Polaris all opposed him, Magneto tore down the city as a distraction to allow him to access the chamber and restore his DNA, making him more powerful than ever before.", 
            "durability": 6, 
            "education": "Unrevealed", 
            "energy": 6, 
            "eyes": "Bluish-grey\n", 
            "fighting": 3, 
            "firstappearance": "X-Men #1 (1963)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "X-Men", 
                "formerly Excalibur (Genoshan)", 
                "Acolytes (leader)", 
                "the Twelve", 
                "Hellfire Club (Inner Circle)", 
                "New Mutants (headmaster)", 
                "Savage Land Mutates (founder)", 
                "Brotherhood of Evil Mutants (founder)"
            ], 
            "hair": "Silver\n", 
            "height": 0, 
            "id": "Magneto_(Max_Eisenhardt)", 
            "identity": "Secret", 
            "intelligence": 6, 
            "knownrelatives": "Unidentified parents (deceased), Magda (wife, presumed deceased), Anya (daughter, deceased), Wanda Maximoff (Scarlet Witch, daughter), Pietro Maximoff (Quicksilver, son), Lorna Dane (Polaris, daughter), Vision (son-in-law), Thomas (grandson), William (Wiccan, grandson), Crystalia Maximoff (Crystal, daughter-in-law), Luna Maximoff (granddaughter), Joseph (clone, deceased)", 
            "occupation": [
                "Conqueror", 
                "former ruler", 
                "teacher", 
                "headmaster", 
                "secret agent", 
                "orderly"
            ], 
            "origin": "Classic X-Men #12 (1987)", 
            "placeofbirth": "Unrevealed", 
            "powers": "Magneto possesses the power to control all forms of magnetism. He can shape and manipulate magnetic fields that exist naturally or artificially. It is unclear, however, whether he must draw magnetic force from outside himself (if so, then he can do so over vast distances), or whether he can also generate magnetic force from within himself. Nor is it clear whether Magneto's power is psionic or purely physiological in nature. Magneto's power is, for all practical purposes, limitless. Moreover, he can use his magnetic powers in more than one way simultaneously. He can completely assemble a complicated machine within seconds through his powers. He can erect magnetic force fields with a high degree of impenetrability around himself for protection.\nAlthough Magneto\u2019s primary power is control over magnetism, he can also project or manipulate any form of energy that is part of the electromagnetic spectrum, including visible light, radio waves, ultraviolet light, gamma rays, and x-rays. However, Magneto almost always uses only magnetism, since it\u2019s more difficult for him to manipulate other forms of energy. Magneto has also exhibited powers of astral projection and telepathy, and has claimed to be able to control the minds of others, though his abilities along these lines appear to be minimal.\n\nMagneto\u2019s ability to wield his superhuman powers effectively is dependent upon his physical condition. When severely injured, his body is unable to withstand the strain of manipulating great amounts of magnetic forces.", 
            "realname": "Max Eisenhardt", 
            "significantissues": [
                "First met Xavier (Uncanny X-Men #161, 1982)", 
                "first battled X-Men (X-Men #1, 1963)", 
                "first formed Brotherhood (X-Men #4, 1964)", 
                "reverted to infancy, restored to adulthood (Defenders #16/X-Men #104, 1974/1977)", 
                "revealed parentage to Scarlet Witch & Quicksilver (Vision & Scarlet Witch #4, 1983)", 
                "Asteroid M destroyed, saved by Lee Forrester (New Mutants #21/Uncanny X-Men #188, 1984)", 
                "romanced Lee (New Mutants #23-29, 1985)", 
                "became headmaster of Xavier\u2019s School (Uncanny X-Men #200, 1985)", 
                "left School, became Hellfire Club\u2019s Grey King (New Mutants #75, 1989)", 
                "accepted Acolytes as followers (X-Men #1, 1991)", 
                "ceded control of Genosha, formed new cabinet, vs Zealot (X-Men #87/Magneto Rex #1-3, 1999)", 
                "powers restored, crushed rebellion (Magneto: Dark Seduction #1-4, 2000)", 
                "prepared for war, defeated by X-Men (X-Men #111-113/Uncanny X-Men #392-393, 2001)", 
                "believed killed in Genoshan decimation (New X-Men #116, 2001)", 
                "with Xavier, began rebuilding Genosha (Excalibur #1, 2004)", 
                "sought to help Scarlet Witch, became world ruler in reshaped reality (Avengers #503/Excalibur #8-14/House of M #1, 2004-2005)", 
                "repowered by High Evolutionary (Uncanny X-Men #500, 2008)"
            ], 
            "speed": 4, 
            "strength": 2, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 190
        }
    }
}