{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": "Lifebringer", 
            "citizenship": "Spineless Ones", 
            "content": "Another facet of the Mojoverse society was its reliance upon slavery, which Mojo had also profited from immensely. Arize had genetically engineered a race of beings with spines to become slaves for the Spineless Ones, basing their construction on mythic images of devils, which look like Earth human beings. Two slaves in particular that Mojo supervised the creation of were Spiral and Quark, whose head resembled a ram. Secretly, however, Arize genetically programmed all slaves to feel the desire to rebel against the Spineless Ones and seek a just rule. This dispensation finally reared its head in Longshot, a slave who had previously enjoyed great popularity as a stuntman in Mojo\u2019s programs.Longshot began to grow so dissatisfied with the Spineless Ones that he formed a rebellion, only to be forced to escape the Mojoverse and arrive on Earth with Mojo and bounty hunters in pursuit. He was found by Ricochet Rita, a stuntwoman, and together with Dr. Strange, the threesome defeated Mojo and forced him to return to his home dimension. Longshot and Rita soon followed, hoping to continue the rebellion.At some point, Mojo captured Besty Braddock, Psylocke, who had been blinded by Slaymaster. Mojo offered her cybernetic eyes, which she accepted, and she was rescued by the original New Mutants and returned to Earth, not knowing that Mojo could use her new eyes as cameras to record the adventures of the X-Men.Having captured Longshot and erasing his memories, Mojo transported him to Earth so that he could encounter the X-Men, which in turn led to their capture. The New Mutants freed the X-Men, who returned to Earth with Longshot. Despite Mojo\u2019s apparent failure, the broadcast of this adventure earned high ratings, increasing Mojo\u2019s political clout.When the X-Men were believed dead after a battle with the Adversary, Mojo stopped receiving signals from Psylocke\u2019s cybernetic eyes. Around the same time, Mojo captured Phoenix (Rachel Summers), but she escaped his dimension and defeated his agents, the Warwolves, with the help of the heroes that became Excalibur. Faced with the possibility of never being able to televise the X-Men\u2019s adventures, Mojo decided to create his own version of the X-Men, one that could be under his supervision and control. He finally approved of the X-Babies, and the group earned great ratings until they finally hoped to opt out of their contracts, rebelling against Mojo with the help of Ricochet Rita.When Mojo captured Longshot again, he earned his highest ratings to that point when he also took captive the X-Men and placed them all in roles such as the Scarecrow (Cyclops), the Tin Woodman (Rogue), and the Cowardly Lion (Wolverine) for The Wizard of X. Dazzler was also transported to Mojo World, but she was kidnapped by an upstart clone, Mojo II, who used Dazzler and other spined slaves the rebellion. When the final ratings came in, Mojo II triumphed, replacing his predecessor. His rule didn\u2019t last too long, however, for when the X-Babies tried to escape the Mojoverse, the original Mojo was seen in charge once again. (The X-Babies had escaped and stumbled into Shadowcat, and she helped them turn the tables on the Agent. She helped the X-Babies return home, but only so that they could renegotiate their contracts to the chagrin of Mojo.)Creating even more X-Babies, Mojo found even more rebellion. His latest version included baby analogues of all X-Men at that point, but they all escaped. Mojo then created baby versions of the Avengers in the Mitey \u2018Vengers, but they, too, would turn on their creator, eventually siding with the X-Babies. Perhaps learning his lesson, Mojo turned to creating baby versions of popular X-Men villains, but this turned out to be a mistake. Mojo World was reportedly destroyed by the baby versions of the villains Apocalypse, Holocaust, Dark Beast, and the Sugar Man.", 
            "durability": 4, 
            "energy": 5, 
            "eyes": "Yellow\n", 
            "fighting": 2, 
            "firstappearance": "Longshot #3 (November, 1985)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "Spineless Ones", 
                "Exile Legal Eagles", 
                "X-Babies (creator)", 
                "Mitey 'Vengers (creator)"
            ], 
            "hair": "None\n", 
            "id": "Mojo", 
            "identity": "Publicly known in Mojoverse (general populace of Earth remain unaware of Mojo's existence)", 
            "intelligence": 5, 
            "knownrelatives": "Mojo II - The Sequel (clone)", 
            "occupation": [
                "Ruler of Mojo World", 
                "Slave trader", 
                "android grower", 
                "movie producer", 
                "\"Wildways\" television host"
            ], 
            "placeofbirth": [
                "Mojoworld", 
                "Mojoverse"
            ], 
            "powers": "Mojo\u2019s great size gives him strength greater than that of a normal Earth human. He can heal himself at an enhanced rate as well as regenerate lost body parts. He also has unspecified magical abilities, such as the ability to fire a blast of magical energy or the ability to alter a target's metabolism, health, and physical condition. Mojo can hypnotize his victims, controlling their minds, memories and actions. He has proven able to draw a sleeper's spirit into his lair. \nMojo\u2019s very presence manifests an \u201canti-life\u201d force, warping his surroundings in ways that threaten life (by creating storms, causing wilting, and so forth). Doctor Strange theorized that his presence on Earth could threaten all life.", 
            "realname": "Mojo", 
            "speed": 2, 
            "strength": 4, 
            "universe": "Mojoverse"
        }
    }
}