{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": "The Berzeker", 
            "citizenship": "Caraner (destroyed)", 
            "content": "Morg lacked the compassion for life that Frankie Raye and the other Heralds possessed. Instead of finding dry barren planets for Galactus to feed, Morg chose worlds that were teeming with life. On the planet of Bastion he discovered an immense power source that was known as the Well of Life. Morg bathed in the waters of the well. He gained tremendous mystical energy, which augmented his already enormous cosmic power. He eventually led Galactus to the planet to feed.Due to his low morality, Morg\u2019s position as Herald was contested by the Silver Surfer, former Herald of Galactus. The Silver Surfer gathered his fellow ex-heralds Firelord, Air-Walker, Terrax and Nova to confront Morg. Nova lost her life in the battle. Terrax the Tamer brutally defeated Morg in a vicious cosmic confrontation and kept the executioner\u2019s ax. Galactus resurrected Morg once more but reduced his power level, making him equal to the other heralds.Galactus allowed him to seek out Terrax to regain his ax. Morg found and battled Terrax, but they were ambushed and captured by servants of Tyrant, the long time enemy of Galactus. They were imprisoned in Tyrant's floating fortress along with Beta Ray Bill of Asgardian might, the leader of the Shi'ar Imperial Guard, Gladiator, the Silver Surfer, the cosmic half-breed Jack of Hearts, and Ganymede of the Spinsterhood. Upon Galactus' arrival all the warriors were released except for Morg. Galactus, unready to battle Tyrant, left Morg in the servitude of his enemy.Despite Tyrants attempts to corrupt him, Morg remained loyal to Galactus. Tyrant placed a device on his head allowing him to control Morg's mind and will. Morg was accidentally freed when the mad Titan Thanos in allegiance with Terrax and Ganymede assaulted Tyrant. Morg regained his ax and returned to Galactus.When Tyrant confronted Galactus directly, Morg wielded the ultimate nullifier in defense of his master. However, a minion in the thrall of Tyrant attached itself to Morg\u2019s arm and the nullifier, combining them with the weapon. Neither of them proved capable of controlling the nullifier\u2019s power. As the device powered up to detonation, Morg managed to free himself somehow, sliced through the hull of Galactus\u2019 ship and fled the scene.", 
            "durability": 1, 
            "education": "Trained in combat", 
            "energy": 1, 
            "eyes": "Red (white while utilizing the power cosmic).\n", 
            "fighting": 1, 
            "firstappearance": "Silver Surfer #69 (1992)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": "None", 
            "hair": "Gray\n", 
            "height": 78, 
            "id": "Morg", 
            "identity": "No dual Identity", 
            "intelligence": 1, 
            "knownrelatives": "None", 
            "occupation": "Former Herald of Galactus", 
            "origin": "Cosmic Powers #5 (1994)", 
            "placeofbirth": "Caraner", 
            "powers": "Endowed with the Power Cosmic, Morg could gather, channel and manipulate large quantities of Cosmic energy. He also possessed the accumulated mystic powers of the destroyed planet Bastion, which helped augment his power cosmic. The problem was that Morg had the knowledge or desire to master the powers in other ways than brute force.", 
            "realname": "Morg", 
            "significantissues": "Official Handbook Bibliography", 
            "speed": 1, 
            "strength": 1, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 1900
        }
    }
}