{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": [
                "Formerly Speedball", 
                "Masked Marvel", 
                "\"Toothpick", 
                "\" \"Babykiller", 
                "\" \"Speedy\""
            ], 
            "citizenship": "U.S.A. with a criminal record (pardoned)", 
            "content": "As a high school student, Robbie was interning at the Hammond Research Laboratory in Connecticut. There, Doctor Benson and two colleagues began the final stages of their attempts to tap an extra-dimensional energy source, but the researchers did not construct adequate safeguards and the energies began to overload Hammond Labs' equipment. Part of the energies fed back into the generator, shorting out the entire system. Unfortunately, Robbie had sneaked into the lab where the experiment was taking place, curious as to what all the hush-hush preparations had been for. Robbie was bombarded by energy from the dimension but survived, finding himself surrounded by weird energy bubbles, clad in an odd costume, and having a hollow and resonant voice. Panicking, Robbie sought to escape to the roof of the lab building where he encountered four masked gunmen. During the ensuing battle, Robbie discovered that his body now generated a kinetic energy field that protected him from any impact and made him a bouncing dynamo of kinetic energy.Shortly afterward, Robbie's parents were accosted by Johnny Roarke, a criminal Justin Baldwin had put away, and Robbie used his powers to defeat him. The media leaped to the story, reporting the appearance of a new hero, whom they dubbed \"the Masked Marvel.\" Robbie continued to use his powers to fight crime, and the Masked Marvel enjoyed a great deal of popularity from the townspeople, although his parents held very diametrical and vocal views about the costumed vigilante. Baldwin was forced to keep his power under control, avoiding any potential contact that might trigger his powers. He also spent much of his time trying capture Dr. Benson's cat, Niels, who was similarly caught in the energy experiment and gained Speedball-like powers, and using him to help understand his powers.Despite the long distance he often had to travel, Robbie stayed with the New Warriors for a long tenure, quickly becoming an annoying but loveable kid brother to the older Warriors and continuing to grow in the development of his powers. Shortly after joining the team, he asked his teammates to join him in investigating the long absence of his mother, who had joined a fanatical ecological watchdog group, Project: Earth. The Warriors discovered the group wanted to kill Baldwin's mother, as her celebrity would serve to make her a martyr to their cause. Robbie helped save his mother and defeat Project: Earth, and in so doing he revealed his secret identity to her. Although shaken, she supported her son's lifestyle as a superhero.Speedball had battled numerous villains with the New Warriors, including Terrax, the Sphinx, the Puppet Master, Gideon, Force of Nature, Psionex, and the Folding Circle. At one point, the cosmic villain Magus created evil doppelgangers of Earth's heroes, and Robbie's duplicate used its powers to virtually destroy the town of Springdale. It also confronted Robbie's parents, and Robbie was forced to kill his duplicate. This led to his father discovering his secret identity, and Justin Baldwin denounced his son because of what he saw as vigilantism.Robbie\u2019s parents got divorced, and Robbie chose to live with his mom in New York. This allowed him to develop deeper relationships with his teammates, notably Nova, Rage, and, perhaps more reluctantly, his neighbor Carlton LaFroyge (who used the knowledge of Robbie\u2019s identity to force his way onto the team as Hindsight Lad.)When Timeslip joined the Warriors, telling of her visions of Speedball\u2019s death, she and Robbie nevertheless developed the beginnings of a romantic friendship while seeking the truth behind these visions. At the same time, despite Speedball\u2019s ever-increasing control over his powers, Robbie began experiencing severe spikes in his power levels that wreaked havoc over his immediate area.  The Warriors were confronted by the Sphinx, who claimed the presence of Speedball was creating chaos with time itself. They were also confronted with the evil techno-organic being Advent. The Sphinx succeeded in killing Speedball before escaping, and Advent left for the future. Timeslip, holding Speedball when he died, received memories from him in his dying moments-- memories of a citizen from the future named Darrion Grobe. Grobe, the son of the man who would become Advent, hoped to undo the meddling his father had done by traveling through the kinetic dimension to the past. He used futuristic technology to become a duplicate Robbie Baldwin/Speedball, replacing Speedball when he was trapped in the kinetic dimension by the Sphinx several months before. Timeslip used her knowledge and powers to transport the New Warriors to the future. There, a holographic persona of Darrion helped the Warriors to undo all of Advent's manipulations. Ultimately, the team had to enter the kinetic dimension to escape the future before it became re-made, and they brought back the true Speedball while returning home.Speedball was later found alive (albeit barely), his powers apparently burned out. The media and the authorities made him the scapegoat for the Stamford disaster, which had sparked widespread anti-superhero sentiment and prompted the passing of a law requiring superheroes to register with the authorities. The government decided to make an example of Robbie, holding him without bail or trial while he was abused repeatedly by both guards and fellow inmates. His secret identity leaked to the press, hated by the public, disowned by his parents after he refused to admit to any wrongdoing, Robbie was offered a deal: he would be released if he became a government-registered super-hero, helping train other super-agents and hunting down unauthorized super-heroes. Robbie turned down the deal repeatedly on principle and was later shot by vigilante Mr. Stricker, whose daughter had died at Stamford.Narrowly surviving, Robbie soon discovered that he still had energy powers, but they were now fueled by his own physical pain, such as the near-constant pain of the bullet fragments lodged in his spine. Perhaps somewhat unhinged by this situation, and increasingly haunted", 
            "durability": 6, 
            "education": "High school educated (incomplete)", 
            "energy": 4, 
            "eyes": "Blue\n", 
            "fighting": 4, 
            "firstappearance": "(as Speedball) Amazing Spider-Man Annual #22 (1988); (as Penance) Civil War: Front Line #10 (2007)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "Thunderbolts", 
                "formerly New Warriors"
            ], 
            "hair": "Blond\n", 
            "height": 0, 
            "id": "Penance_(Robert_Baldwin)", 
            "identity": "Publicly known", 
            "intelligence": 2, 
            "knownrelatives": "Justin Baldwin (father), Madeline Naylor (mother)", 
            "occupation": [
                "Government operative", 
                "former adventurer", 
                "reality TV star", 
                "student", 
                "television show intern", 
                "engineering intern", 
                "lab worker"
            ], 
            "origin": "Speedball #1 (1988)", 
            "placeofbirth": [
                "Springdale", 
                "Connecticut"
            ], 
            "powers": "Robbie Baldwin's exposure to energy from a dimension of kinetic energy gave him the superhuman ability to create a kinetic field of unknown energy around himself which absorbs all kinetic energy directed against him (what he originally called the \"Speedball Effect.\") This absorption can vary from resisting the effects of physical objects such as bricks and rocks to resisting that of energy and fire and even explosions. Within his kinetic field it is nearly impossible for him to be hurt, and he instead bounces harmlessly from object to object, with no loss or transference of momentum.   \nWhen transformed into Speedball, he was covered with a blue-and-gold costume (originally a facsimile of the lab uniform he wore when exposed to the energy) and surrounded by a display of multi-colored bubbles. At first, Robbie would transform uncontrollably if hit with a slight force, but was later able to activate the effect consciously. He typically used the field to slam into his opponents, and the multi-colored light display can be used to distract opponents. After many years, Robbie learned to extend the kinetic field outward, pushing back everything in his immediate area or, by focusing more locally, delivering more powerful blows in hand-to-hand combat.\n\nAfter the assassination attempt by Mr. Stricker, Robbie's powers changed and are now fueled by pain. His armor channels the power into energy conduits via the interoir lining's spikes. The extents and details of Robbie's new powers as Penance have yet to be revealed.", 
            "realname": "Robert \"Robbie\" Baldwin", 
            "significantissues": [
                "Worked at Hammond Research Lab as teenager, gained super-powers in lab accident (Speedball #1, 1988)", 
                "visited Manhattan, helped Spider-Man & Daredevil defeat High Evolutionary\u2019s Purifiers (Amazing Spider-Man Annual #22, 1988)", 
                "alongside other teen heroes, vs Terrax, joined them in founding New Warriors (New Warriors #1, 1990)", 
                "replaced on Earth by Speedball imposter Darrion Grobe who helped Warriors defeat Sphinx (New Warriors #50, 1994)", 
                "true Speedball released from kinetic energy dimension & reunited with Warriors (New Warriors #68-71, 1996)", 
                "attended Warriors' disbanding (Nova #1, 1999)", 
                "reunited with Warriors to capture Skrull posing as superhuman policeman, romanced by Namorita to spite Nova (Nova #3, 1999)", 
                "adopted new costume, began reassembling Warriors, convinced Nova, Namorita & Turbo to rejoin along with new recruits Aegis & Bolt/Chris Bradley, with Warriors, defeated Blastaar (New Warriors #1, 1999)", 
                "began television internship, with Warriors, vs Eugenix (New Warriors #2, 1999)", 
                "with Warriors during reality TV show, tried to arrest Cobalt Man, Coldheart, Nitro & Speedfreek in Stamford, Nitro caused explosion that seemingly slew Warriors, villains & hundreds of civilians (Civil War #1, 2006)", 
                "found alive but powerless, arrested, held indefinitely without legal counsel, secret identity exposed to press by S.H.I.E.L.D., transferred into general population of maximum security prison, beaten & abused by fellow inmates, powers showed signs of returning, disowned by father, disowned by mother after he refused to express remorse or make deal with government, transferred to Negative Zone Prison: Alpha, shot by protester en route to Congress (Civil War: Front Line #1-7, 2006)", 
                "adopted Penance identity (Civil War: Front Line #10, 2007). See the [Bibliography] from ANOHotMU A-Z #10 for a thorough chronology through October 2006."
            ], 
            "speed": 3, 
            "strength": 3, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 170
        }
    }
}