{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": "None", 
            "citizenship": [
                "Planet Traan", 
                "Sub-Atomica system", 
                "Microverse  dimension"
            ], 
            "content": "Shortly thereafter, the Human Torch, Thing, and Mister Fantastic entered the Microverse seeking the Silver Surfer to prevent Galactus from consuming Earth. Detecting their presence, Psycho-Man sent his Indestructible robot to capture them, but the Silver Surfer wiped it from existence before returning to Earth. Psycho-Man then transported the Fantastic Four members aboard his ship and sent a number of armored forms against them; however, the heroes trapped Psycho-Man and convinced him that Galactus posed a threat to his world as well, and he returned them to Earth. Soon after, Sub-Atomica was overrun by the invading Insectivorids of Annihilus. Psycho-Man captured the Surfer to power his energy weapons and Spider-Man to probe his mind for the means of driving off the insect swarm, but they escaped back to Earth. Annihilus was eventually driven off.Apparently exiled by his people, Psycho-Man retreated to his Worldship, employing androids to clear space debris around him. Though remaining a man of science, he came to worship gods of Chaos. Psycho-Man also reclaimed his armor from the Fantastic Four, which led them to pursue him back to the Microverse. Meanwhile, Arcturus Rann and the Micronauts were attacked by his androids and followed them back to Psycho-Man's ship. There the teams joined forces to thwart Psycho-Man's plot to conquer the universe, though the Microversian Insectivorid, Jasmine, was slain by one of Psycho-Man's creatures.Psycho-Man later easily conquered Mirwood, the Microverse planet of Princess Pearla, seeking to seize the metal from its Mines of Nuvidia, which provided immunity to his emotion-control. He then returned to Earth, using an artificial being as his Hate-Monger, fanning bigotry and hatred into violent chaos across New York City, and transforming the Invisible Girl into his pawn Malice, Mistress of Hate. The Hate-Monger was destroyed by the villain-killing Scourge of the Underworld, and the Fantastic Four restored Malice to her right mind. The Fantastic Four pursued Psycho-Man to Mirwood where, despite being initially captured and duped into believing they had been trapped at tiny size, they overpowered him. Confronting her tormentor, Sue Richards usurped his Control Box, subjecting him to all three emotions at maximum intensity, leaving him a withered husk and collapsing his autonomic nervous system. Allegedly requiring artificial support to survive, he sent a robot duplicate to Earth some time later, but it was easily defeated by Fantastic Four clones created by Aron the Rogue Watcher. Psycho-Man then managed to shrink the entire Sub-Atomica system and held it hostage on his worldship until they acknowledged him as their ruler again. Lacking the power to restore the system to true size, he sought out the cosmic Uni-Power (briefly granted to beings to become Captain Universe), summoning Spider-Man and a number of its other past possessors to the Microverse. Finding Spider-Man and the rest bereft of those energies, Psycho-Man imprisoned them, but they broke free; subjected to an overload of his own shrink-ray by Spider-Man, Psycho-Man vanished from existence.After the apparent death of Mr. Fantastic, Psycho-Man plotted vengeance against the Invisible Woman, reconquering Mirwood and using Pearla to dupe the Fantastic Four into believing that Mr. Fantastic was in the Microverse. The Fantastic Four's newest member, Ant-Man, exposed Psycho-Man's involvement, and the seemingly invalid villain blew up his own base in an effort to slay his foes, though they escaped. Surviving as well, Psycho-Man occupied the facilities of Baron Karza, a Microverse tyrant then believed dead. Psycho-Man sought the future technology of the cyborg Garrison Kane (Weapon X) to enhance the power of the Baron's Dog Soldiers, leading to a conflict with Kane's allies Cable, Domino, and Copycat, as well as Arcturus Rann, Marionette, and Bug. Cable used his psychic powers to bombard Psycho-Man with the powerful love emotions existing between Kane and Copycat, incapacitating the villain, who was left in stasis under the Rann's' supervision.When the Stark-Fujikawa Corporation somehow acquired one of Psycho-Man's armored suits and Control Boxes, Dr. Bradley Beynon used them to seek vengeance on Reed Richards, whom Beynon felt had stolen his ideas. The real Psycho-Man confronted him to retrieve his property, but both he and Beynon were sent back to the Microverse by a malfunctioning shrink ray. When the Silver Surfer pursued the extradimensional Tenebrae into the Microverse, Psycho-Man captured them both. The Surfer broke free, but Psycho-Man then joined with Tenebrae to capture the Silver Surfer and use him to power his ship as they plotted to conquer Earth; however, Tenebrae's former associates the Coroner had assimilated into the group-mind of the Mergence and attacked them, and Psycho-Man narrowly escaped back to his own realm. When Sub-Atomica's existence appeared to be threatened by energies from Earth, Psycho-Man traced them back to the young mutant Hope (Esperanza Ling), and he attempted to claim her power for himself. Hope was protected by Spider-Man, the alien Technarch Warlock, and the telepath Psimon, so Psycho-Man transported them back to his ship where his more powerful weapon nearly drove them all mad. The panicked Hope's technology-disrupting power nearly destroyed his ship, and Psycho-Man was forced to admit defeat and send the heroes home.Shortly thereafter, all of the Microverse-type realms were merged during a conflict between the mad Titan Thanos and the revived Baron Karza. Around that time, Fredd, the alternate-dimension evil twin clone future self of Captain Marvel (Genis-Vell), was banished from his reality in an energy cocoon by his world's Reed Richards. He arrived in the Microverse, where his power was detected by Psycho-Man, who enlisted Drax the Destroyer to shatter the cocoon. Once freed, Fredd proved immune to the power of Psycho-Man, whom he dominated, and he captured Earth-616 (mainstream Earth)'s Captain Marvel to test Psycho-Man's enlarging the ray's ability to restore him to Earth. Captain Marvel took control of Fredd's Nega-Bands and tapped into Psycho-Man's Control Box, driving Fredd into a frenzy that culminated with his exploding Psycho-Man's World Ship.", 
            "durability": 1, 
            "education": "Unrevealed", 
            "energy": 1, 
            "eyes": "Pale yellow-green\n", 
            "fighting": 1, 
            "firstappearance": "Fantastic Four Annual #5 (1967)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": "None", 
            "hair": "Unrevealed\n", 
            "height": 69, 
            "id": "Psycho-Man", 
            "identity": "No dual identity", 
            "intelligence": 1, 
            "knownrelatives": "None", 
            "occupation": [
                "Conqueror", 
                "scientist"
            ], 
            "placeofbirth": "Traan", 
            "powers": "Psycho-Man usually depended on armor and weapons. He has sometimes stated that he derives power from the emotions he causes, like a psychic vampire. He recently gained some of the powers of his Control Box, as well as the ability to generate solid energy forms to give substance to his illusions.\nPsycho-Man wears a variety of body armors (or uses robot-versions of himself), demonstrating superhuman physical powers; some are giant-sized or possess other offensive powers. He traveled throughout the Microverse in an immense World Ship, and has the means to travel to and from Earth or other dimensions. He has created androids able to pass as human, alter their appearances, and manipulate emotions.", 
            "realname": "Unrevealed", 
            "speed": 1, 
            "strength": 1, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 135
        }
    }
}