{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": [
                "Valeria von Doom", 
                "Marvel Girl"
            ], 
            "citizenship": "U.S.A.", 
            "content": "Appearances can be deceiving. Franklin Richards, the couple's first child, felt a deep loss over the sister he would have had; unconsciously guided by Omniversal Guardian Roma, he secretly used his vast psionic powers to travel back in time and save his sister, taking her from her native reality (Earth-616) and sending her \"someplace else\" - an alternate future where she was raised by another Invisible Woman who had married a heroic Doctor Doom after the death of her first husband. It's unclear whether this timeline's Invisible Woman somehow gave birth to Valeria, or if she was delivered to her new family as a newborn infant; whatever the case, they raised her as their own, and she grew up considering Dr. Doom to be her father. Roma, who had her own plans for the child, apparently kept a watchful eye on Valeria, ensuring her well-being.Caledonia defeated his champion, the vengeful Pluto sent her to Tartarus. Marvel Girl and the others pursued, using the teleportation abilities of Franklin's pet, Puppy, arriving in the Olympian underworld after a side trip to the Asgardian Hel and an encounter with Hela. They freed Caledonia and together battled past the combined forces of Tartarus, until Marvel Girl confronted Pluto himself and demanded he let them go in peace. Though not initially inclined to do so, the Lord of Hades changed his tune when the Fantastic Four arrived, accompanied by Hercules and Persephone, Pluto's wife.At first Susan Richards found it difficult to accept Valeria; the implication she would one day marry Doom shook her, and Valeria's presence brought back painful memories of the child Sue believed had died. Hearing her \"mother\" reject her, Valeria ran away. She roamed the streets for several hours, eventually stumbling upon the Absorbing Man, Titania, and a mind-controlled She-Hulk battling the police. Marvel Girl tried to stop them single-handedly, but was outmatched by the combined might of her opponents. When the Thing and Bounty arrived, they too were swiftly placed under mind-control; arriving to see Valeria in peril, the Invisible Woman accepted her daughter and dealt painful retribution to her attackers. Valeria helped Reed identify the microbial nanites which had been used to brainwash their friends, and the search for a cure brought the group into conflict with the Mad Thinker, whose carefully laid plans were disrupted because he had not factored in Marvel Girl's presence. Later, after a magical attack left Alyssa Moy in a coma, Valeria was instrumental in identifying Selene and the Hellfire Club as being linked to the assault. She, Franklin and Caledonia were next used as hostages by another magical foe, Jihad, to make the Fantastic Four go on a quest to recover four mystic items for him.An impending Chaos Wave heralded the return of Dr. Doom from Counter-Earth and led to Valeria confronting this evil, younger version of the man she considered her father; however, when events conspired to trap Reed Richards within Doom's armor while Doom was apparently killed, it began to look like Valeria's future was coming true, but that Richards was her true father. For their own safety, Valeria and Franklin were sent under the care of Caledonia to Haven, a school for gifted children on the other side of the universe; in their absence, Richards was freed from Doom's armor, while Doom himself was found to have survived, once more calling into question Valeria's future timeline.", 
            "durability": 1, 
            "education": "(Marvel Girl) Extensive college level schooling, probably through private tutoring; (infant Valeria) none", 
            "energy": 1, 
            "eyes": "Blue\n", 
            "fighting": 1, 
            "firstappearance": "(Marvel Girl) Fantastic Four #15 (1999); (infant Valeria) Fantastic Four #50 (2002)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": "None", 
            "hair": "Blonde\n", 
            "height": 0, 
            "id": "Richards,_Valeria", 
            "identity": [
                "(Marvel Girl) Publicly known", 
                "although few on Earth-616 realized her true relationship to the Richards", 
                "(infant Valeria) no dual identity"
            ], 
            "intelligence": 1, 
            "knownrelatives": "Reed Richards (Mister Fantastic, father), Susan Richards (Invisible Woman, mother), Franklin Richards (brother), Nathaniel Richards (grandfather), Franklin Storm (grandfather, deceased), Evelyn Richards, Mary Storm (grandmothers, deceased), Major John Richards (great-grandfather), Jonathan Storm (Human Torch, uncle), Tara Richards (Huntara, aunt), unnamed Richards male (uncle), Kristoff Vernard (alleged uncle), Marygay Jewel Dinkins (maternal great-aunt); Victor von Doom (Doom, alternate future father), Susan von Doom (Baroness von Doom, alternate future mother), Franklin Richards (\"Sparky\", alternate future stepbrother); Kang, his counterparts, and relatives (common ancestry)", 
            "occupation": "None", 
            "placeofbirth": [
                "(Marvel Girl) unknown", 
                "(infant Valeria) Baxter Building", 
                "New York City", 
                "NY"
            ], 
            "powers": "Marvel Girl could turn invisible, generate force fields, and \"time dance,\" teleporting back in time and through space. She claimed she could block Franklin's reality-manipulating powers. She was able to stun the She-Hulk with a punch and send her flying, but whether this denoted a use of her force field, innate superhuman strength, or a power granted by her armor, was unclear. The infant Valeria has served as magical familiar for Dr.  Doom. A potential future version of Valeria could render herself and others invisible to all forms of electromagnetic detection.", 
            "realname": "Valeria Meghan Richards", 
            "speed": 1, 
            "strength": 1, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 105
        }
    }
}