{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": [
                "Formerly Marksman", 
                "\"Br'er Hawkeye\"", 
                "Superhuman Cellblock Prisoner 334556", 
                "Longbow", 
                "Goliath", 
                "Father Time", 
                "Louis", 
                "Robin Hood", 
                "Hawkeye Kid", 
                "Golden Archer", 
                "\"Purple Man", 
                "\" Ronin", 
                "impersonated Constrictor & Dreadknight"
            ], 
            "citizenship": [
                "U.S.A. with a criminal record", 
                "pardoned"
            ], 
            "content": "His natural archery abilities honed to an expert level, Clint wandered the country, working in various carnivals or otherwise making money out of the costume and persona of \"Hawkeye\". One day, when witnessing Iron Man save the lives of some people at the carnival, he decided to become a costumed crime-fighter himself. But as luck would have it, on Hawkeye's first night on patrol, he was mistaken for a criminal by the police and hunted down.Clint continued to be an active member of the Avengers for years, with his archery skills matching the superhuman powers of his teammates. His brash attitude initially chafed under the leadership of Captain America, and, although it took some time to come to respect him, the two have become good friends. Also at first, he felt attracted the Scarlet Witch, even to the point of having trouble getting over her eventual marriage to the Vision. For years, he also continued to hold a torch for the Black Widow, until she returned to her espionage career and told him that she had never loved him (although she said that in order to keep him away.)Hawkeye stayed with the Avengers for a long time, leaving only briefly when his temper and ego led him to believe he wasn't wanted. He returned after a short period, having joined the \"non-team\" Defenders in the meantime. At one point, Hawkeye was passed over accompanying the Avengers in the Kree-Skrull War due to his lack of superhuman abilities. Not one to be deterred so easily, Hawkeye took on the identity of Goliath with the use of Hank Pym's size-altering particles. He hitched a ride so as to join the team in their intergalactic adventure and maintained the Goliath identity for several months upon their return to Earth.During his time as Goliath, Clint was approached by his brother, who had become a big-time racketeer. Barney had learned of Egghead's plans to construct an orbiting laser death-ray to extort money from the United States and came to the Avengers for help. The Avengers confronted Egghead and his allies, the Mad Thinker and the Puppet Master, but tragically, Barney died in the ensuing battle. Later, Egghead would use the Swordsman to capture Clint as Goliath, thinking him to be Hank Pym, but Hawkeye-as-Goliath soon defeated both criminals, avenging his brother at last. Soon afterward, Clint abandoned the Goliath identity but continued to serve the Avengers as Hawkeye the Marksman.Another leave of absence was forced upon him, when, due to a type of \"affirmative action\", he was replaced by the Falcon to comply with the Avengers' government sanction. During this time, he eventually found employment as a night security guard for Cross Technological Enterprises (CTE). Never gone from his team for long, he soon rejoined the fold, although one particular solo adventure would have a lasting impact. His boss, head of CTE, was the villain known as Crossfire and hoped to test his ultrasonic equipment with which he hoped to turn heroes against one another, With the help of the ex-secret agent, Mockingbird, Hawkeye defeated Crossfire. The two heroes, head over heels in love, promptly got married.At the time, the Vision was expanding the Avengers' operations, and he named Hawkeye chairman of a west coast branch of Avengers, and Mockingbird joined him as a charter member. Hawkeye led the team through several adventures, growing into a competent leader, and he even had time to embark on a series of solo adventures. During one of these latter adventures, Hawkeye had to defend himself against many costumed mercenaries and villains hoping to collect a bounty placed on his right arm. The mastermind behind it all proved to be Trickshot, now dying of cancer, and he was hoping to goad Hawkeye into killing him. Instead, Hawkeye reconciled with his former mentor and friend.During an adventure where the team became lost in the past, his wife was involved with the death of the Old West hero, the Phantom Rider, and the situation caused the couple to split up. Shortly after, the government forced the membership of the U.S.Agent on the team, and Hawkeye quit. Both he and Mockingbird wound up investigating and leading the heroes known as the Great Lakes Avengers. Eventually, however, Hawkeye left the Midwest to rejoin the Avengers West Coast, although he never really led the team again.Eventually drawn back to the Avengers' fold when the team was attacked in a plan orchestrated by Immortus, Hawkeye was present with the team when they apparently died, sacrificing themselves to absorb the energies of Onslaught. Eventually, Hawkeye and the other heroes were restored, and Hawkeye quickly rejoined the reforming Avengers.However, Hawkeye was dissatisfied. His previous experience as a team leader left him feeling too anxious as a regular member. Hawkeye turned his attention instead to the team of reforming villains, the Thunderbolts. Sympathetic because of his own outlaw past and eager for new challenges, Hawkeye offered to serve as the Thunderbolts' new leader if they would continue fighting crime and remain reformed. During his stint as their leader, he became a friend and mentor to the group, honing their skills and greatly enhancing their reputations. He and his teammate Moonstone had even began developing romantic inclinations. The Thunderbolts soon became trusted allies of the Avengers, though Hawkeye formally resigned his membership in the latter group since he didn't want any perceived criminal association with the Thunderbolts to negatively impact the Avengers.Unfortunately, CSA agent and former Avengers government liaison Henry Peter Gyrich targeted the Thunderbolts for assassination as part of a larger scheme to eradicate superhumans. Hawkeye and the Thunderbolts exposed and thwarted Gyrich's conspiracy, freeing Gyrich himself from the mind-controlling technology Baron Strucker had used to make Gyrich act out his anti-superhuman fantasies. Hawkeye agreed to keep the entire affair a secret in exchange for a full federal pardon for the other Thunderbolts, but a bitterly furious Gyrich refused to go along with concealing the incident unless Hawkeye went to prison for operating as an illegal vigilante with the Thunderbolts. Hawkeye agreed and was remanded to federal custody.Hawkeye and his Thunderbolts also helped Citizen V and the V-Battalion to help destroy their headquarters' engine of alien technology that had began distorting, In so doing, they were reunited with other the Thunderbolts, led by Baron Zemo and trapped on Counter-Earth. The two teams combined forces to shunt the alien ship from Earth. After much discussion, most of the costumed heroes and villains chose to part company. Hawkeye agreed to leave the Thunderbolts to Zemo's leadership, reluctantly agreeing that Zemo had proved he had potential to be a hero.Hawkeye returned to the Avengers full-time. At one point, he and the Wasp had a dallying romance, upsetting Yellowjacket, and the two heroes avoided talking about the uncomfortable situation. Soon afterwards, however, the Avengers suffered a series of sudden and devastating attacks from friends and enemies alike, culminating in a surprise attack by the alien Kree. During the Kree invasion, Hawkeye suffered a mortal shot to the back. In his dying moments, Hawkeye overpowered a Kree soldier, using the soldier's jetpack to fly both of them into the Kree's command ship. Hawkeye sacrificed his life to single-handedly thwart the invasion. (These attacks were in part motivated by the Scarlet Witch, whose mind became unhinged with the magical powers she constantly felt forced to control, and it is believed the Kree invasion was all a magical construct of the Scarlet Witch.)Hawkeye showed up alive once more in the Scarlet Witch's mutant-dominated alternate reality, with no memory of the reality before. When a young mutant gave several of the heroes the ability to remember the way the world once was, Clint and the others were horrified at what the Scarlet Witch had done. With his memory restored, Hawkeye remembered the events his own death. When the heroes confronted the Witch and her children, Hawkeye angrily shot her in the back, demanding to know why she had killed him, as he was her friend and had only love for her. One of the Witch's children made Hawkeye vanish into nothingness with just a thought. After reality was restored several heroes arrived at the ruined Avengers Mansion after a report that someone had been there, only to find Clint's costume and a newspaper cutting about his death, pinned to the ruins by Hawkeye's trademark purple arrows.", 
            "durability": 2, 
            "education": "High school (unfinished)", 
            "energy": 2, 
            "eyes": "Blue\n", 
            "fighting": 7, 
            "firstappearance": "(as Hawkeye) Tales of Suspense #57 (1964); (as Goliath) Avengers #63 (1969); (as Ronin) New Avengers #27 (2007)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "Avengers", 
                "formerly founding member of Avengers West Coast and first chairman", 
                "Thunderbolts", 
                "S.H.I.E.L.D. (unofficial)", 
                "Chain Gang 421-011", 
                "Shadows", 
                "Great Lakes Avengers", 
                "Cross Technological Enterprises", 
                "Defenders", 
                "Carson Carnival of Traveling Wonders", 
                "Tiboldt Circus (a.k.a. Circus of Crime)", 
                "Queen's Vengeance", 
                "also briefly served as an agent for Silver Sable", 
                "former partner of Mockingbird", 
                "Two-Gun Kid", 
                "Black Widow", 
                "Trickshot", 
                "Swordsman"
            ], 
            "hair": "Blond\n", 
            "height": 75, 
            "id": "Ronin_(Clint_Barton)", 
            "identity": "Secret", 
            "intelligence": 5, 
            "knownrelatives": "Harold Barton (father), Edith Barton (mother), Charles Bernard \"Barney\" Barton (brother), Barbara Morse \"Bobbi\" Barton (Mockingbird, wife), Brett Barton (ancestor), Mack Barton (ancestor); all deceased", 
            "occupation": [
                "Outlaw adventurer", 
                "revolutionary", 
                "former professional super hero", 
                "fugitive", 
                "unofficial S.H.I.E.L.D. operative", 
                "federal inmate", 
                "CTE security chief", 
                "ranch hand", 
                "archery tutor", 
                "carnival performer", 
                "roustabout", 
                "butcher shop worker"
            ], 
            "origin": "Avengers #19 (1965)", 
            "placeofbirth": [
                "Waverly", 
                "Iowa"
            ], 
            "powers": "None. As Goliath, Barton used gases designed by Hank Pym to grow to great heights, with appropriate increases in strength and toughness. (He could also use them to shrink to minuscule size.)", 
            "realname": "Clinton Francis \"Clint\" Barton", 
            "significantissues": "Official Handbook Bibliography", 
            "speed": 3, 
            "strength": 3, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 230
        }
    }
}