{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": [
                "Harpy", 
                "Mr. Blue", 
                "Agent S-3", 
                "Betty Danner"
            ], 
            "citizenship": "USA", 
            "content": "Born at an unrevealed location in California, Betty Ross was the only child of high ranking Air Force General Thaddeus E. \"Thunderbolt\" Ross and his wife Karen. After the death of her mother, Betty was emotionally abandoned by her father and sent to boarding school.After finishing school, Betty returned home to find out that her father was the head of the U.S. Defense Department\u2019s top secret Gamma Bomb Project at an undisclosed desert base in Nevada. It was there that Betty met and fell in love with her future husband Dr. Robert Bruce Banner, the designer of the G-Bomb and supervisor of the project. Their romance was much to the dismay of General Ross, who believed Banner to be both physically and emotionally inferior.During the G-Bomb's first test, Banner selflessly rushed to the rescue of an ignorant teenager, Rick Jones, who had wandered onto the testing ground as the countdown ticked inexorably toward zero. Irradiated by the radiation of a full-force Gamma Bomb, Banner was transformed into a monstrous Hulk of green muscle mass. Although Banner managed to keep his double identity secret, his attempts to cover up his activities as the Hulk led to General Ross and his head security chief, Major Glenn Talbot, to suspect Banner of being a traitor. Talbot also fell in love with Betty, but she remained faithful to Banner, even in the wake of his secret being exposed.Later, Banner's \"Professor\" Hulk personality manifested, which allowed him to remain fully coherent, retaining his intelligence when he transformed. With this change, Banner finally attained consent from General Ross to marry Betty. However, during the ceremony, the Hulk's enemy, the Leader, seeking vengeance for his previous defeat, fired radiation at Banner reverting him into a savage, much more monstrous Hulk. The enraged Hulk then tore apart the house where the wedding had been held, and all hopes of a wedding were destroyed.Eventually, it was discovered that Talbot was still alive and he was rescued. Shortly after his return home, Betty realized that she still loved Banner, and they were soon divorced, fueling Talbot's hatred for Bruce and his attempts to kill the Hulk. Talbot later died trying to destroy the Hulk.The Hulk's multitude of personalities was eventually merged into one and he was propositioned by Agamemnon to join his group the Pantheon. During the Hulk's long tenure with the Pantheon, his relationship with Betty faltered but eventually grew stronger and endured. After the group turned on its leader, the ensuing battle led to the Hulk coming under S.H.I.E.L.D.'s custody and Betty's hospitalization.Betty learned that her long association with the Hulk had left her dying from over exposure to gamma radiation. Abomination, seeking retribution after a massive defeat at the hands of the Hulk, learned of Betty's present state and used his own gamma-radiated blood for the transfusion, poisoning her, and leading to her death.After undergoing plastic surgery and being given new identity by a conspiracy fronted by the Leader, Betty appeared to wash up on an island. \nIt has yet to be revealed if this woman was the actual Betty.After the death of her father, Betty resurfaced with Glenn Talbot. At the time their resurrections had not been fully explained, as well as her face being returned to its original state, but both Betty and Glenn appeared to be working with or under the protection of the Intelligencia. Either way, when Banner sent Amadeus Cho to rescue her, she violently refused to go with him, unwilling to be reunited with her husband.Talbot was later revealed to be a Life Model Decoy.Red She-Hulk returned to the hidden base of her employers, the Intelligencia, where she and Lyra, daughter of the Hulk, were at odds over the nature of their mission. M.O.D.O.K. needed to step in to end the bickering, but Red She-Hulk told Lyra to watch her back. Both women have been at each other's throats since Red She-Hulk approached Lyra at an abandoned A.I.M. base after Lyra's confrontation with Gamma Corps: Black.Since that time, Red She-Hulk temporarily had a change of heart about her situation. She went from reveling in her power to feeling the She-Hulk was the only one who could save her. Tearing the Hellcarrier apart to find her, Red She-Hulk was briefly delayed by the Mad Thinker and his Gammadroid. Finally, the Leader and Samson prevented Red She-Hulk from leaving their group by giving her what she wanted.Repeated conditioning by Samson into performing the Intelligencia's dirty work, she was used to challenge the Avengers and abduct Henry Pym and serve as back up when Bruce Banner and his allies infiltrated the Hellcarrier. Her main target was the deadly Skaar, but Banner incapacitated her with a blast from his weapon right after she skewered Skaar with his own sword. Skaar would eventually have his revenge when he stabbed her in return, saving Banner's life but nearly killing the Red She-Hulk as she changed back to Betty in front of their eyes. The only person able to save her was Samson simply by showing his face. Betty became so enraged she turned back into her She-Hulk form, allowing her healing factor to take care of the rest. Soon, she left the service of the Intelligencia and fought against their Hulk army alongside Lyra and the original She-Hulk.After she died Betty was stored, perfectly preserved, but her body was stolen and the process for her resurrection began. The Leader and M.O.D.O.K. found General Ross at his lowest point and told him they could resurrect his daughter. Having experimented with gamma radiation countless times before, the two masterminds were confident they could bring Betty back body, mind and soul. Ross wasn't as convinced and didn't want his daughter to be just another guinea pig, but it was already too late. Leader had his mind set on his fiendish goal, and M.O.D.O.K.\u2019s involvement would ensure success as well as a new power set.It was only because of these events that Ross was manipulated into becoming the Red Hulk.For a time, Banner was freed from his Hulk persona because of the actions of the Red Hulk, but in order to stop the Intelligencia Banner had to regain his monstrous alter-ego. When the Hulk returned Skaar was prepared to kill him, but Red She-Hulk could not possibly understand why. She attempted to interfere on Hulk's behalf, but her resistance proved to be nothing more than a nuisance to the raging giants. She forced Skaar to lash out at her and his reaction accomplished more than she could have surmised. Skaar inadvertently put innocent lives in danger, and when Hulk saved them the son finally saw the father for what he truly was \u2013 a hero \u2013 and ended his assault.", 
            "durability": 1, 
            "education": "Entered the novitiate to become a nun", 
            "energy": 1, 
            "eyes": "Yellow (Red She-Hulk); Blue (Betty)\n", 
            "fighting": 1, 
            "firstappearance": "(Betty) Incredible Hulk #1 (1962); (Harpy) Incredible Hulk #168 (1973); (Red She-Hulk) Hulk #15 (2009)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "Former agent of the Intelligencia and the Team", 
                "double agent within Home Base"
            ], 
            "hair": "Black with red streaks (Red She-Hulk); Brown (Betty)\n", 
            "id": "Ross-Banner,_Betty", 
            "identity": [
                "Secret as Red She-Hulk", 
                "Harpy and Mr. Blue", 
                "no dual identity as Betty"
            ], 
            "intelligence": 1, 
            "knownrelatives": "Robert Bruce Banner (husband), Gen. Thaddeus \"Thunderbolt\" Ross (father, deceased), Karen Lee Ross (mother, deceased), Glenn Talbot (ex-husband), unidentified paternal grandfather, unidentified maternal grandfather, unidentified paternal great grandfather, numerous relatives by marriages", 
            "occupation": [
                "Former agent of the Intelligencia", 
                "spy and field agent of the Team", 
                "author", 
                "librarian", 
                "crisis hotline volunteer", 
                "nun-in-training"
            ], 
            "origin": [
                "(Betty) Incredible Hulk #291 (1984)", 
                "(Mr. Blue) recovered by the Team (Incredible Hulk #66 (2004)", 
                "(Red She-Hulk) Incredible Hulk #610 (2010)"
            ], 
            "placeofbirth": "Unrevealed location in California", 
            "powers": "Betty has superhuman strength and durability due to the radiation in her system which was thought to cause her demise. \nAs the Harpy, she had superhuman strength and durability, could fly, extremely sharp talons, and she could fire energy blasts from her hands powerful enough to harm the Hulk. \n\nAs Red She-Hulk, she possesses superhuman strength, endurance and durability. She also has a healing factor enabling her to recover from virtually any injury \u2013 even when her more vulnerable human form is on the brink of death \u2013 as long as she transforms before her body expires.", 
            "realname": "Elizabeth Talbot Ross-Banner", 
            "significantissues": [
                "Ambushed Wolverine (Hulk #15, 2009)", 
                "Fought Wolverine, led Red Hulk into a trap (Hulk #16, 2009)", 
                "Fought and defeated Red Hulk (Hulk #17, 2009)", 
                "At odds with Lyra (Fall of the Hulks: Gamma, 2010)", 
                "attacked Avengers and kidnapped Henry Pym (Incredible Hulk #607, 2010)", 
                "stabbed Skaar with his own sword (Incredible Hulk #608, 2010)", 
                "versus Elektra and Domino (Incredible Hulk #607-609)", 
                "versus Gammadroid in her search for She-Hulk (World War Hulks #1, 2010)", 
                "stabbed by Skaar, nearly killed (Incredible Hulk #609, 2010)", 
                "versus Lyra and She-Hulk, betrays Intelligencia (Fall of the Hulks: Savage She-Hulks #3, 2010)", 
                "tried to help Hulk against Skaar (Incredible Hulk #611, 2010)"
            ], 
            "speed": 1, 
            "strength": 1, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe"
        }
    }
}