{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": "None", 
            "citizenship": "Unrevealed", 
            "content": "Wanda was asked to leave shortly afterwards, as Enrique discussed potential dealings with King James with his son. Later, while Enrique dictated doctrine to Wanda to copy down, concerning the gifts of God and the Devil, Wanda questioned if whether her and her brother\u2019s powers were not gifts of the Devil. But instead of answering directly, Enrique replied that as long as he was an Inquisitor, they had nothing to fear. Wanda\u2019s brother soon came running up, out of breath, from the court of King James.Once Queen Elizabeth was dead, and King James had been convinced that it was Enrique that killed her, Petros returned to announce that James agreed to turn over any witchbreed that he captured to Enrique. Wanda then explained that a message had come from Rome, expressing concern over their missing envoy, who had actually come to kill Enrique, though Enrique got him first. Enrique said that it was already too late for them. Petros later returned again from James, explaining that he had refused to hand over Javier\u2019s students, who he had recently captured with the help of Nicholas Fury, the Queen\u2019s spymaster. Enrique explained that he was willing to take the witchbreed from him, then sent Petros back out to his man at the Vatican to feel them out. But before Petros could return from an errand to the castle of Count Otto von Doom, James had captured anyone connected to the old regime and had threatened Enrique\u2019s Vatican contact, Toad, into telling him Enrique\u2019s secrets. James then prepared to burn Wanda and her father at the stake, adding Petros to the trio once he arrived to alert his father.But James\u2019 victory was short-lived, as Enrique used his powers over metal to free himself and his children from their chains, and place on his head a special helmet that Javier had gifted to him when they were friends. Together, the three boarded a ship and prepared to meet the rest of Enrique\u2019s Brotherhood, as he began to call them. But the winds took them in a different direction, and Enrique decreed that they would go with them. The boat eventually took them to the New World, where Javier\u2019s men attacked them, freezing the boat and imprisoning Wanda and her family within. Javier soon boarded the boat, himself, offering Wanda\u2019s father freedom in exchange for help to heal their world that was slowly tearing itself apart after a stranger from a future time landed in the Roanoke Colony of America. Her father agreed, and he joined the group of heroes who succeeded in repairing the rift and saving their universe.", 
            "durability": 1, 
            "education": "Unrevealed", 
            "energy": 1, 
            "eyes": "Brown\n", 
            "fighting": 1, 
            "firstappearance": "Marvel 1602 #1\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": "Formerly of the Inquistion", 
            "hair": "Brown\n", 
            "id": "Scarlet_Witch_(1602)", 
            "identity": "No dual identity", 
            "intelligence": 1, 
            "knownrelatives": "Enrico (father), Petros (brother)", 
            "occupation": "Former member of the Inquisition", 
            "placeofbirth": "Unrevealed", 
            "powers": "Unexplained psychic and magical abilities, presumably limited control over reality.", 
            "realname": "Sister Wanda", 
            "significantissues": "Marvel 1602 #1 (intro)", 
            "speed": 1, 
            "strength": 1, 
            "universe": "Marvel 1602 (Earth-311)"
        }
    }
}