{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": "None", 
            "citizenship": "Citizen of the United States", 
            "content": "Years later, his children grew up to become the Invisible Girl and the Human Torch, half of the renowned Fantastic Four. But Storm remained in prison, refusing to even tell his children where he was being held. Until one day he escaped and Susan Storm caught sight of his face in the newspaper. She was shocked, but refused to tell her team what had happened. Later, during an escape from the Mole Man\u2019s underground tunnels, Susan caught a piece of shrapnel from an explosion and was hospitalized. The doctors explained to her team and her love, Reed Richards, that nothing could be done for her as the only surgeon capable of saving her had broken out of jail and his whereabouts were unknown. But though he knew that exposing himself meant returning to jail, Storm appeared and offered to perform the surgery on his daughter. Hours later, Storm emerged from the operating to announce that he had helped just in time and Susan was in stable condition. He then gave himself up to the police who took him back to jail.When the Skrull race revived their champion, the Super Skrull, he came after Franklin Storm with a plan to defeat the Fantastic Four. The Skrull found Storm in jail and impersonated him, then had him beamed into space, back to the Skrull homeworld. Then, when Storm\u2019s children came to visit him, the Skrull declared that he had given himself all the powers of the Fantastic Four in the prison laboratory, and broke out of jail, calling himself the Invincible Man. But Reed Richards was skeptical and soon uncovered the Skrull plot. He threatened the Skrulls with a fight to the death with their champion and soon aimed an atomic weapon at their homeworld, forcing them to return Franklin Storm.", 
            "durability": 1, 
            "education": "Medical school", 
            "energy": 1, 
            "eyes": "Blue\n", 
            "fighting": 1, 
            "firstappearance": "Fantastic Four #31\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": "None", 
            "hair": "Gray\n", 
            "id": "Storm,_Franklin", 
            "identity": "Publicly Known", 
            "intelligence": 1, 
            "knownrelatives": "Susan Storm (daughter), Johnny Storm (son), Mary Storm (wife, deceased), Reed Richards (son-in-law), Franklin Richards (grandson), Valeria Richards (granddaughter)", 
            "occupation": "Former surgeon", 
            "placeofbirth": "Unrevealed", 
            "powers": "None", 
            "realname": "Doctor Franklin Storm", 
            "significantissues": "Fantastic Four #31 (intro), Fantastic Four #32 (death)", 
            "speed": 1, 
            "strength": 1, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe"
        }
    }
}