{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": "None", 
            "citizenship": "U.S.A", 
            "content": "Fletcher, Crimson Commando, and Stonewall returned to America. When they arrived home they were disturbed by the criminal acts of people who thought they were \"above the law\". Finally deciding to do something they came out of retirement and would kidnap criminals and hunt them for sport. Later they accidentally captured Storm and realized that she was not a criminal. Faced with this dilemma they decided to hunt down Storm in order to keep their whereabouts a secret. Storm was also captured with another prison while they were hunted. Priscilla Morrison, who was in fact their actual target. Chasing down Morrison and Storm, Super Sabre was almost decapitated by a trap Storm had set. Later, Morrison betrayed Storm, but before she could kill Storm the Commando was able to kill her. Storm and the Commando then fought in combat, which she won. After she won she demanded that Commando and Stonewall turn themselves in. Distraught because they thought Super Sabre was dead, they complied and turned themselves in.Months later Valerie Cooper arranged for the release of the Commando and Stonewall if they joined Freedom Force. They reluctantly agreed. Super Sabre turned up alive and also joined the Freedom Force.Super Sabre and Freedom Force later worked with the X-Men against a cosmic entity known as the Adversary, but their attempts to enforce the government policy, the Mutant Registration Act, later led to battles with X-Factor and the New Mutants.\nFollowing a mission to Muir Island which resulted in Stonewall's death at the hands of the Reavers. Later during a mission which involved Cable, Super Sabre was almost decapitated again.During an unknown period of time Super Sabre fought alongside other speedsters such as Quicksilver, Whizzer, Speed Demon, Black Racer, Makkari, Fast-Forward, and the female Captain Marvel. The Runner pitted them against each other to find out who is the fastest being in the galaxy.The Commando then led a mission to Kuwait which led to a fight with the Middle Eastern mercenaries called Desert Sword. The mission ended with Super Sabre dead and the Commando crippled. Following this disaster, Freedom Force was disbanded.", 
            "durability": 1, 
            "education": "Unknown", 
            "energy": 1, 
            "eyes": "Unrevealed\n", 
            "fighting": 1, 
            "firstappearance": "Uncanny X-Men #215\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "Formerly Freedom Force", 
                "former partner of Stonewall", 
                "Crimson Commando", 
                "and Yankee Clipper"
            ], 
            "hair": "White\n", 
            "height": 68, 
            "id": "Super_Sabre", 
            "identity": "Known to the U.S. Government", 
            "intelligence": 1, 
            "knownrelatives": "None", 
            "occupation": [
                "Government Operative", 
                "formerly vigilante", 
                "adventurer", 
                "otherwise unknown"
            ], 
            "origin": "Uncanny X-Men #215-216", 
            "placeofbirth": "An undisclosed location in Massachusetts", 
            "powers": "Super Sabre has superhuman strength in the arm and leg muscles he uses for movement at superhuman speed.\nSuper Sabre has the power to move at superhuman speeds. Using his superhuman speed he can defie gravity by running across water, running up the side of structures, and other special abilities. His highest rate of speed has not yet been determined, but he is capable of moving at speeds over the speed of sound, even at his old age. His entire body has adapted to moving at superhuman speeds.\n\nSuper Sabre can use his speed in attacks as well. He can move his arm at the speed of sound in front of an enemy creating a powerful wave of air pressure, he calls this move his \"Mach One Punch\". He can also knock down opponents in close range by snapping his fingers at a speed just over the speed of sound.", 
            "realname": "Martin Fletcher", 
            "significantissues": "Uncanny X-Men #215-216", 
            "speed": 1, 
            "strength": 1, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 145
        }
    }
}