{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": [
                "Unus the Untouchable", 
                "Unuscione"
            ], 
            "citizenship": "Unrevealed", 
            "content": "Unus was sought out by Magneto through his ally Mastermind as a potential addition to the original Brotherhood of Evil Mutants. As a test, Mastermind suggested Unus try to find the X-Men, the team of superhuman mutants, who were then Magneto's enemies, or to defeat one of them. Unus committed a theft and was himself found by the X-Men, who battled him. One of the X-Men, the Beast, used his scientific skill to create a device that magnified the power of Unus's force field so much that Unus could not control it. Unable to stop projecting his force field, Unus found it impossible to hold food or eat. Unus gave himself up to the X-Men, and the Beast returned his power to its previous level. Unus, humbled, returned to his wrestling career.But months later, Unus formed a friendship and criminal partnership with the Blob, another superhuman mutant. The two mutants eventually enlisted in two organizations of mutants bent on world conquest, the original Brotherhood of Evil Mutants and Factor Three. Factor Three disbanded shortly after it was formed and Unus and Blob joined the Brotherhood once again. During Christmas Unus and the Brotherhood came into conflict with the new X-Men team. During the battle Unus was singled out by Wolverine and viciously attacked by him. Months later Unus along with the Brotherhood faced several foes including the Defenders when Magneto created the artificial mutant known as Alpha The Ultimate Mutant. During this confrontation Alpha reverted the Brotherhood to infants.Some time later Unus and the Brotherhood were restored to their true ages. Unus and other Brotherhood members were then kidnapped by the Secret Empire who used their mutant powers to power a machine. The Secret Empire was then stopped by Captain America and other heroes. The Brotherhood and Unus was then set free. Since then, wearied and shaken by the failures of both groups, Unus abandoned his dreams of aiding in world conquest, and sought instead to amass a fortune for himself through crime. His first attempt to gain money was when he robbed a pawn shop in New York City. There he encountered Iron Fist and Luke Cage. Their first attempt to stop Unus failed, but eventually the two learned from their mistakes and finally beat him. Sometime later his power, for reasons still unknown, increased to such a high level that he could no longer shut it off and he could barely control it. Unus feared that he would die either of starvation from being unable to touch any food or from asphyxiation, since his power was beginning to repel air molecules. A blow of tremendous force from the Hulk apparently dispersed the field, but it immediately began to build again and run beyond the limits that Unus could control. Unus found himself suspended by his field in the air, finally, unable to eat. Finally, during a confrontation with Spider-Man, the force field became so strong that Unus was unable to breathe. He blacked out and the force field dispersed, causing him to fall into the arms of his friend, the Blob. The Blob believed Unus to be dead and went off on a grief-stricken rampage.Years later Unus was found on Genosha after an encounter with Polaris. He was taken in by the X-Men and was questioned about her whereabouts. He then set off to become an advocate for Magneto and started a gang on Genosha which clashed time and again with the new Excalibur team. And during the House of M crisis Unus was deployed as a magistrate in Australia when he was severly injured by the Hulk (House of M).", 
            "durability": 6, 
            "education": "Unrevealed", 
            "energy": 2, 
            "eyes": "Blue\n", 
            "fighting": 3, 
            "firstappearance": "X-Men #8\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "Formerly Factor Three", 
                "Brotherhood Of Evil Mutants"
            ], 
            "hair": "Black\n", 
            "height": 73, 
            "id": "Unus", 
            "identity": "Public", 
            "intelligence": 2, 
            "knownrelatives": "Jared Corbo (Radius, son), Carmella Unuscoine (daughter)", 
            "occupation": [
                "Terrorist", 
                "professional criminal", 
                "former wrestler"
            ], 
            "origin": "X-Men #8", 
            "placeofbirth": [
                "Milan", 
                "Italy"
            ], 
            "powers": "Unus is a mutant with the power to generate an invisible psionic field around himself. This field can deflect and stop objects or projectiles. He can also use this field to move or push people or things. He can mentally control the field and make it as thick or thin as he wishes. He can even open a portion of the field to grab items or hit people. The limits of the field have not yet been determined, although it has been shown to withstand direct hits from an enraged Hulk. Unus recently inhaled the Terrigen Mists which brought his powers back and has evolved them to an advanced degree. His powers were so enhanced that his shield, which is usually invisible, became visible. His shield, now a pinkish shiny color was able to withstand the devastating blows of Karnak and other weapons of mass destruction. However his powers became so advanced that his shield began to block out airwaves, soundwaves, air, lightwaves, and other things.", 
            "realname": "Angelo Unuscione, legally changed to Gunther Bain", 
            "significantissues": "X-Men #8, Alpha Flight #10, Avengers #103, Amazing Adventures #12-13, Captain America #174, Defenders #15-16, Super-Villain Team-Up #14, Champions #17, Incredible Hulk Annual #11, Power Man and Iron Fist #90, Marvel Fanfare #7, Spectacular Spider-Man #91, X-Men #132, Thunderbolts #33, Excalibur #1-6 & 8-9, Son of M #5-6", 
            "speed": 2, 
            "strength": 2, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 220
        }
    }
}