{
    "add": {
        "doc": {
            "aliases": [
                "Formerly Captain Universe", 
                "Laura X", 
                "Talon"
            ], 
            "citizenship": "None", 
            "content": "Ultimately, Rice persuaded Sutter to hand over control of the program to him, then secretly ordered X-23 to kill Sutter and his family. Later, Rice revealed to Kinney a chamber with dozens of incubation pods containing female clones before he fired her. Before fleeing the facility with X-23, Kinney gave her one last mission - destroy the pods and kill Rice. However, Rice was able to exact revenge on Kinney from beyond the grave, as he had earlier exposed her to the trigger scent, sending X-23 into a rage that caused her to kill her mother. As she lay dying, Kinney named X-23 Laura.X-23 quickly became very protective of Wolverine, attacking his teammate Bishop after he felled Wolverine during a training session. She also took to observing Wolverine on the mansion's security monitors. During one such viewing, an anomalous energy spike prompted X-23 to investigate. Encountering Spider-Man at the source of the signal, X-23 initially mistook him for an enemy and attacked. The pair ultimately teamed up to save the young mutant Paul Patterson from an alternate reality version of the armored Avenger Iron Man. The arrival of the heroic Captain America and the super-spy Black Widow helped turn the tide. X-23 then secretly followed Wolverine on his investigation of strange activity in the Canadian Rockies. Ambushed by the Hauk'ka, evolved Saurians from the Savage Land, X-23 managed to escape and alert the X-Men. Traveling to the Savage Land, X-23 and the X-Men teamed with the Land's lord Ka-Zar and his circumstantial allies, the Savage Land Mutates, to prevent the Hauk'ka from destroying human civilization by controlling the weather-manipulating X-Man Storm.Sometime later, X-23 turned up in the in two other X-titles, without her friends. She was accused of the murders of four humans that were investigated by Wolverine and his fellow X-Men. (While she was responsible for the murders, she committed them because the victims were brutally attacking a young woman.) After a brief conflict with the mutant heroes, X-23 came to live with them at the Xavier Institute. She has nearly no social skills, so Wolverine is helping her adjust to her new life. She seems to be making friends with Shadowcat, Psylocke, and Rachel Summers. X-23 was approached by the cosmic Uni-Power in hopes of making specific use of her healing ability. Although she initially resisted its attempts to bond with her, and she remained reluctant even though it pleaded with her, she ultimately agreed to aid it and became Captain Universe for a brief time.Shortly afterwards, following Stryker's attack on the ex-mutant students, X-23 heard Dust talking to Icarus, who had fled the Mansion. Dust intended to meet Jay, but Laura told her it was a trap, and had to knock out her roommate to keep her safe. Donning Dust's burkha X-23 came to Stryker's compound and was shot. After a few minutes spent healing and playing possum, Laura returned to the Mansion to help fend off Stryker and his goons.The team gave more respect to Laura following her part in stopping Stryker's attack, in which she single-handedly killed three Purifiers. Following that she started to bond with her friends, using her enhanced hearing to find out what happened to Icarus for them, learning that Stryker killed him.After Surge received a distress call from Forge, X-23 followed the team along to Dallas to rescue him from the Sentinel Nimrod. At the height of the desperate battle she managed to cut through to the interior of the machine with her claws, allowing the Sentinel to be defeated. She was wounded during the battle and was unable to heal herself. In order to save X-23, Julian supercharged his telekinetic powers with the help of Emma Frost in order to rush her back to the mansion where she was healed by Elixir. As Hellion recovered his strength, and found that his power levels were enhanced, Laura kept watch over him. Emma Frost confronted Laura, asking her to leave the school because of the trigger scent saying that she was a danger to everyone at the institute even Julian. Their conversation is cut short by Cessily (Mercury) coming to Laura's defense. Mercury persuades Laura to go for coffee and discuss Laura's crush on Julian. However, the cafe is attacked by Kimura and her minions. though Laura thought that Kimura was after her, she was really after Cessily.", 
            "durability": 7, 
            "education": "Home schooled", 
            "energy": 3, 
            "eyes": "Green\n", 
            "fighting": 7, 
            "firstappearance": "NYX #3 (2004)\n", 
            "groupaffiliation": [
                "X-Men", 
                "X-Force", 
                "formerly New X-Men", 
                "Xavier Institute Student Body", 
                "The Facility"
            ], 
            "hair": "Black\n", 
            "height": 66, 
            "id": "X-23", 
            "identity": "Secret", 
            "intelligence": 5, 
            "knownrelatives": "Sarah Kinney (surrogate mother, deceased), James Howlett (Wolverine, genetic progenitor)", 
            "occupation": [
                "Adventurer", 
                "former student", 
                "assassin", 
                "prostitute"
            ], 
            "origin": "X-23 #1-6 (2005)", 
            "placeofbirth": [
                "The Facility", 
                "location unrevealed"
            ], 
            "powers": "X-23 possesses the ability to regenerate damaged or destroyed areas of her cellular structure at a superhuman rate, which varies in direct proportion with the severity of the damage she suffers. Despite the extent of her healing factor, X-23 is not immortal. Injuries that result in the loss of vital organs, large amounts of blood, and/or loss of physical form are potentially lethal for her. X-23's natural healing also affords her virtual immunity to poisons and most drugs, as well as an enhanced resistance to diseases and the fatigue poisons generated by bodily activity. Hence, her endurance, agility and reflexes are enhanced. X-23 also possesses superhumanly acute senses, allowing her to see and hear things at an extended distance. She is able to recognize people and objects by scent, even if that person or object is hidden, and can use these enhanced senses to track any creature with an impressive degree of success.\nX-23's skeleton includes two retractable bone claws in each arm and one in each foot that she can extend and retract at will. These claws are housed beneath the skin and muscle. Unsheathing them causes her skin to tear and bleed, but the wounds are quickly dealt with by her healing factor. X-23 can unsheathe any number of these claws at once, although she must keep her wrists and/or feet straight at the moment the claws emerge. The claws are naturally sharp, tougher than normal human bone and have been coated with Adamantium, allowing X-23 to cut through most types of flesh and natural materials.\n\nPresumably, because X-23 is a clone of the mutant Wolverine, her healing factor will also provide her with an extended lifespan by slowing the effects of the aging process.", 
            "realname": "Laura Kinney", 
            "significantissues": [
                "Worked as prostitute, met Kiden, saved Catiana, vs Zebra Daddy (NYX #3-7, 2004-2005)", 
                "saved Jade Parisi, vs Wolverine & X-Men (Uncanny X-Men #450-451, 2004)", 
                "enrolled at Xavier Institute (X-Men #165, 2005)", 
                "with Spider-Man, vs alternate Iron Man (Marvel Team-Up #5-6, 2005)", 
                "with X-Men, vs Hauk\u2019ka (Uncanny X-Men #455-459, 2005)", 
                "joined X-Force (Uncanny X-Men #493, 2007)"
            ], 
            "speed": 7, 
            "strength": 7, 
            "universe": "Marvel Universe", 
            "weight": 147
        }
    }
}